s__Desulfovibrio brasiliensis
s__Psychromonas arctica
s__Prevotella salivae
s__Altererythrobacter xiamenensis
s__Sebaldella termitidis
s__Fervidobacterium gondwanense
s__Viridibacillus arenosi
s__Novosphingobium capsulatum
s__Phormidium ambiguum
s__Sulfuritalea hydrogenivorans
s__Lactobacillus sanfranciscensis
s__Salinicoccus qingdaonensis
s__Actinomyces vulturis
s__Thiomicrospira cyclica
s__Pseudomonas pelagia
s__Stenotrophomonas koreensis
s__Ohtaekwangia koreensis
s__Paracoccus sphaerophysae
s__Polynucleobacter aenigmaticus
s__Anaerorhabdus furcosa
s__Lampropedia hyalina
s__Maliponia aquimaris
s__Burkholderia puraquae
s__Listeria seeligeri
s__Tepidibacter formicigenes
s__Mannheimia varigena
s__Catonella morbi
s__Paenibacillus peoriae
s__Hylemonella gracilis
s__Lachnoanaerobaculum saburreum
s__Janthinobacterium lividum
s__Pseudomonas soli
s__Mycoplasma agassizii
s__Halothiobacillus neapolitanus
s__Salinivibrio kushneri
s__Deinococcus ficus
s__Arenibacter latericius
s__Streptomyces melanosporofaciens
s__Rhodopirellula europaea
s__Bittarella massiliensis
s__Skermanella aerolata
s__Saccharopolyspora phatthalungensis
s__Bifidobacterium moukalabense
s__Burkholderia latens
s__Thermoanaerobacter cellulolyticus
s__Kaistia soli
s__Alteromonas confluentis
s__Paenibacillus fonticola
s__Prevotella maculosa
s__Minicystis rosea
s__Corynebacterium mastitidis
s__Prevotella oulorum
s__Aeromonas caviae
s__Streptomyces somaliensis
s__Pseudomonas formosensis
s__Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum
s__Sphingomonas endophytica
s__Criibacterium bergeronii
s__Sphingomonas phyllosphaerae
s__Brachybacterium faecium
s__Alloscardovia omnicolens
s__Actinomyces radingae
s__Flavobacterium antarcticum
s__Spirulina subsalsa
s__Streptobacillus notomytis
s__Elioraea tepidiphila
s__Bartonella birtlesii
s__Hymenobacter psychrotolerans
s__Nocardia cerradoensis
s__Streptomyces achromogenes
s__Lebetimonas natsushimae
s__Acinetobacter radioresistens
s__Streptomyces fimicarius
s__Lactobacillus capillatus
s__Lysinimicrobium mangrovi
s__Nitrospira defluvii
s__Virgibacillus dokdonensis
s__Chryseobacterium taichungense
s__Agrobacterium vitis
s__Azospirillum halopraeferens
s__Trichococcus flocculiformis
s__Pseudomonas vranovensis
s__Desulfobacter curvatus
s__Acinetobacter baylyi
s__Streptomyces lysosuperificus
s__Acidiphilium rubrum
s__Stappia stellulata
s__Streptomyces aurantiacus
s__Acidithiobacillus thiooxidans
s__Lysinibacillus pakistanensis
s__Methanohalophilus mahii
s__Bacillus chagannorensis
s__Enterococcus ratti
s__Pontibacillus marinus
s__Lachnospira pectinoschiza
s__Gracilibacillus lacisalsi
s__Streptomyces yeochonensis
s__Borreliella japonica
s__Rhizobium mesoamericanum
s__Bartonella koehlerae
s__Syntrophaceticus schinkii
s__Chlamydia gallinacea
s__Lactobacillus kimchiensis
s__Thalassospira permensis
s__Pontibacter ramchanderi
s__Burkholderia stabilis
s__Campylobacter peloridis
s__Methanoregula boonei
s__Paraphotobacterium marinum
s__Streptomyces silvensis
s__Spirulina major
s__Spirochaeta cellobiosiphila
s__Cryobacterium roopkundense
s__Comamonas terrae
s__Veillonella magna
s__Aeromonas australiensis
s__Sphingomonas adhaesiva
s__Rickettsia conorii
s__Rickettsia typhi
s__Deinococcus reticulitermitis
s__Ornithinibacillus scapharcae
s__Lactobacillus kimchicus
s__Pseudomonas antarctica
s__Pseudomonas rhizosphaerae
s__Streptomyces celluloflavus
s__Streptococcus marmotae
s__Paenibacillus dauci
s__Bacillus oryziterrae
s__Congregibacter litoralis
s__Lentzea jiangxiensis
s__Pseudomonas stutzeri
s__Bacteroides uniformis
s__Bacillus solisilvae
s__Sunxiuqinia dokdonensis
s__Halomonas titanicae
s__Brevibacterium jeotgali
s__Pseudomonas orientalis
s__Salinicoccus sediminis
s__Thermoanaerobacter thermocopriae
s__Desulfosporosinus youngiae
s__Listeria grandensis
s__Mycobacterium vanbaalenii
s__Photorhabdus heterorhabditis
s__Nocardia cyriacigeorgica
s__Sinorhizobium saheli
s__Streptomonospora alba
s__Flavobacterium fontis
s__Candidimonas bauzanensis
s__Sinomonas humi
s__Amycolatopsis sulphurea
s__Sphingomonas rubra
s__Corynebacterium glaucum
s__Vermiphilus pyriformis
s__Caenibacillus caldisaponilyticus
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio aespoeensis
s__Algoriphagus ratkowskyi
s__Fictibacillus phosphorivorans
s__Asticcacaulis benevestitus
s__Nocardioides exalbidus
s__Streptomyces yangpuensis
s__Shewanella loihica
s__Aestuariibacter aggregatus
s__Ruegeria pomeroyi
s__Porphyromonas gulae
s__Amorphus coralli
s__Kaistia adipata
s__Bacillus lehensis
s__Rhodococcus pyridinivorans
s__Labrenzia suaedae
s__Bacteroides xylanisolvens
s__Ruegeria lacuscaerulensis
s__Lysinimicrobium iriomotense
s__Geoalkalibacter subterraneus
s__Methylacidiphilum kamchatkense
s__Advenella mimigardefordensis
s__Hydrogenophaga crassostreae
s__Shigella dysenteriae
s__Thalassotalea agarivorans
s__Actinopolyspora mortivallis
s__Salinivibrio sharmensis
s__Ornithinibacillus californiensis
s__Belnapia moabensis
s__Desulfovibrio termitidis
s__Geobacter thiogenes
s__Paenibacillus mucilaginosus
s__Desulfovibrio alcoholivorans
s__Geobacter lovleyi
s__Pseudomonas taiwanensis
s__Mycoplasma felis
s__Serratia liquefaciens
s__Bradyrhizobium ottawaense
s__Streptoalloteichus hindustanus
s__Succinatimonas hippei
s__Nocardia niwae
s__Thermocrinis minervae
s__Methanocella arvoryzae
s__Thermoanaerobacter ethanolicus
s__Methylobacter luteus
s__Parageobacillus thermoglucosidasius
s__Flavobacterium hibernum
s__Halorubrum aethiopicum
s__Pyrococcus furiosus
s__Collinsella aerofaciens
s__Gaetbulibacter saemankumensis
s__Giesbergeria anulus
s__Pseudarthrobacter siccitolerans
s__Halococcus sediminicola
s__Pseudohongiella acticola
s__Lonsdalea populi
s__Alkalibacterium putridalgicola
s__Legionella massiliensis
s__Pyrobaculum aerophilum
s__Glycomyces arizonensis
s__Segniliparus rugosus
s__Moraxella atlantae
s__Streptomyces avermitilis
s__Corynebacterium lowii
s__Kocuria marina
s__Clavibacter michiganensis
s__Haloplasma contractile
s__Flavobacterium xanthum
s__Pseudomonas xinjiangensis
s__Zobellia uliginosa
s__Streptomyces vinaceus
s__Nocardia thailandica
s__Crocinitomix algicola
s__Fodinicurvata fenggangensis
s__Phaeobacter piscinae
s__Pantoea conspicua
s__Xanthomonas retroflexus
s__Acholeplasma multilocale
s__Kocuria rhizophila
s__Coraliomargarita akajimensis
s__Streptomyces mobaraensis
s__Collinsella ihuae
s__Acidicaldus organivorans
s__Thermus caliditerrae
s__Paenibacillus amylolyticus
s__Legionella cincinnatiensis
s__Prevotella buccae
s__Rubellimicrobium thermophilum
s__Shewanella carassii
s__Oribacterium sinus
s__Nocardioides szechwanensis
s__Thermodesulfovibrio thiophilus
s__Pyrococcus kukulkanii
s__Escherichia coli
s__Chromobacterium vaccinii
s__Proteus penneri
s__Sanguibacteroides justesenii
s__Sphingomonas sanguinis
s__Streptosporangium subroseum
s__Runella limosa
s__Dickeya zeae
s__Paenibacillus harenae
s__Melittangium boletus
s__Salinicoccus albus
s__Photobacterium halotolerans
s__Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae
s__Streptomyces collinus
s__Haloprofundus marisrubri
s__Mongoliimonas terrestris
s__Moorea producens
s__Kocuria kristinae
s__Ornithinibacillus contaminans
s__Muribacter muris
s__Nonlabens marinus
s__Amycolatopsis jejuensis
s__Lactobacillus plantarum
s__Ruthenibacterium lactatiformans
s__Pseudophaeobacter arcticus
s__Methylohalobius crimeensis
s__Vibrio proteolyticus
s__Geobacter bemidjiensis
s__Flavobacterium cucumis
s__Kurthia senegalensis
s__Halobacillus karajensis
s__Necropsobacter massiliensis
s__Amycolatopsis australiensis
s__Parageobacillus toebii
s__Ralstonia pickettii
s__Pandoraea sputorum
s__Herbaspirillum rubrisubalbicans
s__Dermatophilus congolensis
s__Pseudomonas versuta
s__Geodermatophilus poikilotrophus
s__Nocardia mexicana
s__Williamwhitmania taraxaci
s__Ureaplasma canigenitalium
s__Thermoleophilum album
s__Muricauda zhangzhouensis
s__Plesiocystis pacifica
s__Streptomyces iranensis
s__Loktanella pyoseonensis
s__Spiroplasma sabaudiense
s__Staphylococcus arlettae
s__Intestinibacter bartlettii
s__Pedobacter arcticus
s__Shewanella marisflavi
s__Catellicoccus marimammalium
s__Calothrix brevissima
s__Lactobacillus apis
s__Hydrocarboniphaga effusa
s__Clostridium lundense
s__Pseudomonas moorei
s__Pontibacillus halophilus
s__Chromobacterium piscinae
s__Helicobacter typhlonius
s__Mycobacterium lepraemurium
s__Alistipes finegoldii
s__Chryseobacterium solincola
s__Cedecea lapagei
s__Oceaniglobus indicus
s__Afipia broomeae
s__Amycolatopsis alba
s__Desulfotomaculum intricatum
s__Rhodococcus rhodnii
s__Streptococcus entericus
s__Arcobacter marinus
s__Mycobacterium colombiense
s__Vibrio tritonius
s__Mycoplasma crocodyli
s__Paenibacillus massiliensis
s__Vibrio owensii
s__Rhizobium undicola
s__Sinomonas atrocyanea
s__Methylobacterium indicum
s__Kutzneria albida
s__Bifidobacterium kashiwanohense
s__Azospirillum oryzae
s__Flavobacterium reichenbachii
s__Bacteroides sartorii
s__Dickeya paradisiaca
s__Vibrio palustris
s__Halanaeroarchaeum sulfurireducens
s__Kocuria flava
s__Chromobacterium haemolyticum
s__Ralstonia mannitolilytica
s__Cruoricaptor ignavus
s__Bacillus solimangrovi
s__Zobellia galactanivorans
s__Fontimonas thermophila
s__Anaplasma ovis
s__Haloquadratum walsbyi
s__Bradyrhizobium mercantei
s__Pseudoruegeria lutimaris
s__Acinetobacter tjernbergiae
s__Kytococcus aerolatus
s__Mycobacterium houstonense
s__Mycobacterium europaeum
s__Thermosipho affectus
s__Enterobacter cancerogenus
s__Cellulomonas pakistanensis
s__Edwardsiella piscicida
s__Methylobacterium salsuginis
s__Lactobacillus algidus
s__Vibrio cholerae
s__Actinomyces denticolens
s__Thermovirga lienii
s__Moraxella caprae
s__Denitrovibrio acetiphilus
s__Pseudomonas psychrotolerans
s__Lactobacillus kisonensis
s__Dermabacter hominis
s__Vibrio rotiferianus
s__Myxococcus fulvus
s__Crossiella equi
s__Pseudoalteromonas spongiae
s__Haloferax denitrificans
s__Chlamydia trachomatis
s__Microcella alkaliphila
s__Methyloceanibacter marginalis
s__Salimicrobium flavidum
s__Halodesulfovibrio marinisediminis
s__Mycobacterium yongonense
s__Caballeronia jiangsuensis
s__Pseudomonas mediterranea
s__Methanopyrus kandleri
s__Brevibacterium album
s__Rhizobium phaseoli
s__Rickettsia tamurae
s__Caldalkalibacillus thermarum
s__Gordonia soli
s__Domibacillus tundrae
s__Lactobacillus concavus
s__Devosia crocina
s__Phaeobacter porticola
s__Burkholderia humptydooensis
s__Micromonospora echinaurantiaca
s__Pseudomonas azotoformans
s__Pseudomonas flexibilis
s__Alkalibacterium gilvum
s__Thioalkalivibrio thiocyanoxidans
s__Mycobacterium tuberculosis
s__Thalassospira mesophila
s__Rickettsia australis
s__Christensenella timonensis
s__Haloferax sulfurifontis
s__Auraticoccus monumenti
s__Prevotella nigrescens
s__Cohnella panacarvi
s__Absiella dolichum
s__Methanococcoides methylutens
s__Paeniglutamicibacter antarcticus
s__Leifsonia xyli
s__Amycolatopsis thermoflava
s__Bartonella grahamii
s__Flavobacterium pectinovorum
s__Bacillus okuhidensis
s__Halobacterium hubeiense
s__Asticcacaulis biprosthecium
s__Nitrospira japonica
s__Vibrio harveyi
s__Saccharibacillus sacchari
s__Alicyclobacillus herbarius
s__Actinopolyspora mzabensis
s__Crenobacter luteus
s__Marinobacter subterrani
s__Rufibacter ruber
s__Vibrio halioticoli
s__Rhizobium acidisoli
s__Photobacterium marinum
s__Thalassospira povalilytica
s__Brevibacterium senegalense
s__Siansivirga zeaxanthinifaciens
s__Micromonospora saelicesensis
s__Exiguobacterium undae
s__Anaerofustis stercorihominis
s__Endozoicomonas elysicola
s__Vibrio antiquarius
s__Streptomyces davaonensis
s__Brevibacillus agri
s__Chryseobacterium koreense
s__Agromyces mediolanus
s__Paenibacillus kribbensis
s__Saccharothrix syringae
s__Listeria booriae
s__Arsenicibacter rosenii
s__Streptomyces chattanoogensis
s__Enterococcus mundtii
s__Tenacibaculum holothuriorum
s__Veillonella rodentium
s__Alloactinosynnema album
s__Rodentibacter ratti
s__Niastella populi
s__Chryseobacterium ureilyticum
s__Pseudorhodobacter antarcticus
s__Nesterenkonia alba
s__Pseudomonas pohangensis
s__Catenuloplanes nepalensis
s__Chishuiella changwenlii
s__Nautilia profundicola
s__Mycobacterium rhodesiae
s__Edwardsiella anguillarum
s__Sulfurimonas gotlandica
s__Desulfotomaculum thermosubterraneum
s__Bacillus sporothermodurans
s__Leucobacter komagatae
s__Pseudomonas tolaasii
s__Hymenobacter mucosus
s__Flavobacterium anhuiense
s__Bacillus australimaris
s__Capnocytophaga ochracea
s__Atopobium rimae
s__Nocardia vulneris
s__Kushneria aurantia
s__Mycoplasma cricetuli
s__Paraburkholderia caryophylli
s__Pediococcus acidilactici
s__Lactobacillus jensenii
s__Pseudoalteromonas prydzensis
s__Levyella massiliensis
s__Rhodanobacter spathiphylli
s__Solirubrobacter soli
s__Luminiphilus syltensis
s__Soonwooa buanensis
s__Halomonas boliviensis
s__Blautia wexlerae
s__Sphingomonas spermidinifaciens
s__Moraxella bovis
s__Pediococcus pentosaceus
s__Pseudothermotoga elfii
s__Porphyromonas endodontalis
s__Lactococcus chungangensis
s__Mycobacterium agri
s__Hafnia alvei
s__Tropicibacter litoreus
s__Niabella drilacis
s__Piscibacillus salipiscarius
s__Hyphomicrobium facile
s__Neomegalonema perideroedes
s__Paenibacillus vortex
s__Campylobacter insulaenigrae
s__Desulfothermus okinawensis
s__Collimonas arenae
s__Sphingopyxis macrogoltabida
s__Nocardia tenerifensis
s__Prosthecobacter debontii
s__Aneurinibacillus terranovensis
s__Ruegeria profundi
s__Lentzea flaviverrucosa
s__Henriciella marina
s__Spongiibacterium flavum
s__Ferrimicrobium acidiphilum
s__Methylomicrobium alcaliphilum
s__Alcanivorax xenomutans
s__Clostridium paraputrificum
s__Clostridium estertheticum
s__Flavonifractor plautii
s__Streptomyces filamentosus
s__Clostridium saccharobutylicum
s__Pseudomonas palleroniana
s__Mobilicoccus massiliensis
s__Streptomyces carpinensis
s__Bilophila wadsworthia
s__Proteiniphilum saccharofermentans
s__Atopobium vaginae
s__Idiomarina abyssalis
s__Pseudoscardovia radai
s__Exiguobacterium antarcticum
s__Paenibacillus sanguinis
s__Mycoplasma californicum
s__Sphingomonas hengshuiensis
s__Comamonas composti
s__Streptomyces hokutonensis
s__Lysinimicrobium subtropicum
s__Legionella parisiensis
s__Lactobacillus ghanensis
s__Desulfomonile tiedjei
s__Bifidobacterium eulemuris
s__Pseudomonas granadensis
s__Sinorhizobium medicae
s__Serratia grimesii
s__Caulobacter vibrioides
s__Bifidobacterium bombi
s__Marinomonas gallaica
s__Ottowia thiooxydans
s__Halomonas anticariensis
s__Spirosoma endophyticum
s__Actibacterium mucosum
s__Rickettsia parkeri
s__Maribacter stanieri
s__Algibacter alginicilyticus
s__Gordonia malaquae
s__Pseudoalteromonas shioyasakiensis
s__Ralstonia insidiosa
s__Peptostreptococcus anaerobius
s__Paraclostridium benzoelyticum
s__Streptomyces gibsonii
s__Bacillus firmus
s__Meiothermus silvanus
s__Pseudomonas abietaniphila
s__Acidithrix ferrooxidans
s__Corynebacterium uterequi
s__Acinetobacter gandensis
s__Mycoplasma simbae
s__Pseudarthrobacter chlorophenolicus
s__Micrococcus aloeverae
s__Sphingobacterium thalpophilum
s__Taylorella asinigenitalis
s__Novosphingobium panipatense
s__Marinobacter excellens
s__Halomonas muralis
s__Bifidobacterium bifidum
s__Desulfovibrio ferrireducens
s__Williamsia sterculiae
s__Fusobacterium mortiferum
s__Leadbetterella byssophila
s__Bacteroides stercoris
s__Rubidibacter lacunae
s__Pseudomonas punonensis
s__Pseudoxanthomonas indica
s__Actinoplanes atraurantiacus
s__Streptomyces angustmyceticus
s__Streptomyces olindensis
s__Peptoniphilus indolicus
s__Enterococcus italicus
s__Halomonas korlensis
s__Sphingomonas astaxanthinifaciens
s__Novosphingobium pentaromativorans
s__Haloterrigena hispanica
s__Oxalobacter formigenes
s__Nafulsella turpanensis
s__Cronobacter muytjensii
s__Acetobacterium bakii
s__Confluentimicrobium lipolyticum
s__Perlucidibaca aquatica
s__Sphingomonas yabuuchiae
s__Rubrivivax gelatinosus
s__Halococcus morrhuae
s__Thermodesulfovibrio islandicus
s__Microbacterium barkeri
s__Anoxybacillus mongoliensis
s__Terasakiella pusilla
s__Thermithiobacillus tepidarius
s__Pontibacter lucknowensis
s__Listeria weihenstephanensis
s__Xylanimicrobium pachnodae
s__Treponema putidum
s__Lactobacillus apinorum
s__Corynebacterium crenatum
s__Actinosynnema pretiosum
s__Pseudomonas extremaustralis
s__Chlorobium ferrooxidans
s__Bacillus acidiceler
s__Brachybacterium alimentarium
s__Lentibacter algarum
s__Mycobacterium paraense
s__Haloarcula sinaiiensis
s__Lysinimicrobium luteum
s__Bacillus murimartini
s__Klebsiella quasivariicola
s__Flavobacterium tegetincola
s__Bacteroides fragilis
s__Chryseobacterium antarcticum
s__Acidovorax valerianellae
s__Pseudoalteromonas tetraodonis
s__Monaibacterium marinum
s__Pseudomonas fragi
s__Desulfovibrio mexicanus
s__Halobacillus aidingensis
s__Oleiagrimonas soli
s__Calderihabitans maritimus
s__Yaniella halotolerans
s__Sporosarcina newyorkensis
s__Ferrimonas balearica
s__Vibrio metschnikovii
s__Ferroplasma acidiphilum
s__Cellulomonas composti
s__Enterococcus aquimarinus
s__Jannaschia helgolandensis
s__Gluconobacter kondonii
s__Vibrio fluvialis
s__Arthrobacter castelli
s__Chitinophaga filiformis
s__Corynebacterium striatum
s__Dehalobacterium formicoaceticum
s__Henriciella litoralis
s__Methanolacinia petrolearia
s__Streptomyces lucensis
s__Corynebacterium deserti
s__Bacillus intestinalis
s__Thermanaerovibrio acidaminovorans
s__Frateuria terrea
s__Pseudomonas cichorii
s__Ketogulonicigenium vulgare
s__Clostridium peptidivorans
s__Winogradskyella jejuensis
s__Chromobacterium pseudoviolaceum
s__Neoasaia chiangmaiensis
s__Sedimentitalea nanhaiensis
s__Polaribacter dokdonensis
s__Nosocomiicoccus massiliensis
s__Natrinema gari
s__Streptomyces coelicoflavus
s__Thiohalospira halophila
s__Methanosalsum zhilinae
s__Nocardiopsis potens
s__Lactobacillus ultunensis
s__Chania multitudinisentens
s__Nocardia jejuensis
s__Mycobacterium riyadhense
s__Nocardiopsis kunsanensis
s__Frankia elaeagni
s__Enterococcus ureilyticus
s__Halorubrum tebenquichense
s__Paenibacillus apiarius
s__Thermus islandicus
s__Desulfuribacillus stibiiarsenatis
s__Rhizobium rhizosphaerae
s__Desulfotomaculum gibsoniae
s__Methermicoccus shengliensis
s__Thermobifida fusca
s__Neisseria shayeganii
s__Trichormus variabilis
s__Spirosoma aerolatum
s__Pseudomonas congelans
s__Pantoea sesami
s__Bernardetia litoralis
s__Idiomarina indica
s__Flavobacterium frigidimaris
s__Borrelia hermsii
s__Catenuloplanes indicus
s__Mycobacterium haemophilum
s__Fusobacterium necrophorum
s__Flexistipes sinusarabici
s__Granulicatella balaenopterae
s__Brevibacillus massiliensis
s__Sphingorhabdus flavimaris
s__Azotobacter beijerinckii
s__Roseivirga spongicola
s__Desulfopila aestuarii
s__Clostridium cylindrosporum
s__Geobacter sulfurreducens
s__Lewinella persica
s__Paracoccus pantotrophus
s__Enterococcus wangshanyuanii
s__Paraprevotella xylaniphila
s__Mycobacterium marseillense
s__Niabella soli
s__Chroococcidiopsis thermalis
s__Pandoraea vervacti
s__Loktanella hongkongensis
s__Tumebacillus algifaecis
s__Natronobacterium gregoryi
s__Thermococcus sibiricus
s__Pantoea latae
s__Desulfovibrio bastinii
s__Halogranum amylolyticum
s__Cryobacterium arcticum
s__Serratia odorifera
s__Mycobacterium bovis
s__Kocuria palustris
s__Thiomicrorhabdus arctica
s__Paenibacillus lactis
s__Aliivibrio salmonicida
s__Microtetraspora glauca
s__Verminephrobacter aporrectodeae
s__Mycoplasma gallinarum
s__Methylocystis rosea
s__Andreesenia angusta
s__Stenotrophomonas rhizophila
s__Haemophilus influenzae
s__Mycobacterium phlei
s__Acidovorax delafieldii
s__Sphingomonas jeddahensis
s__Kordiimonas gwangyangensis
s__Domibacillus aminovorans
s__Bacteroides luti
s__Paraburkholderia sprentiae
s__Thermus scotoductus
s__Idiomarina sediminum
s__Geodermatophilus ruber
s__Rhizorhabdus dicambivorans
s__Pantoea deleyi
s__Cellulophaga geojensis
s__Enterococcus quebecensis
s__Bacillus plakortidis
s__Vibrio caribbeanicus
s__Weissella oryzae
s__Desulfotomaculum aeronauticum
s__Natronincola ferrireducens
s__Thiothrix flexilis
s__Clostridium baratii
s__Anaerocolumna jejuensis
s__Burkholderia plantarii
s__Pluralibacter gergoviae
s__Bacillus oceanisediminis
s__Rhizobium sullae
s__Vibrio kanaloae
s__Microbacterium humi
s__Halorubrum saccharovorum
s__Photobacterium carnosum
s__Micromonospora narathiwatensis
s__Pediococcus stilesii
s__Terasakiispira papahanaumokuakeensis
s__Vibrio pacinii
s__Alteromonas marina
s__Janthinobacterium svalbardensis
s__Staphylococcus pasteuri
s__Xanthomonas albilineans
s__Pseudarthrobacter equi
s__Parvularcula bermudensis
s__Fictibacillus aquaticus
s__Mycobacterium canettii
s__Blautia hansenii
s__Algoriphagus alkaliphilus
s__Novosphingobium lentum
s__Paraburkholderia caledonica
s__Helicobacter saguini
s__Xenorhabdus budapestensis
s__Shewanella pealeana
s__Rhodobacter johrii
s__Longispora albida
s__Nocardioides alkalitolerans
s__Legionella clemsonensis
s__Acinetobacter kookii
s__Demequina sediminicola
s__Xenorhabdus doucetiae
s__Amycolatopsis vancoresmycina
s__Agrobacterium arsenijevicii
s__Lactobacillus helveticus
s__Nodosilinea nodulosa
s__Tepidiphilus margaritifer
s__Cutibacterium granulosum
s__Thermosediminibacter oceani
s__Legionella jamestowniensis
s__Chryseobacterium balustinum
s__Desulfosporosinus acididurans
s__Psychrobacter urativorans
s__Desulfitobacterium metallireducens
s__Enterococcus gilvus
s__Streptococcus macacae
s__Pedobacter soli
s__Planococcus kocurii
s__Kiloniella laminariae
s__Paraburkholderia phenoliruptrix
s__Yersinia wautersii
s__Trichormus azollae
s__Vibrio barjaei
s__Rickettsia sibirica
s__Corynebacterium fournierii
s__Methanosphaerula palustris
s__Mycobacterium alsense
s__Entomoplasma luminosum
s__Acinetobacter johnsonii
s__Burkholderia glumae
s__Mycoplasma spumans
s__Streptomyces zhaozhouensis
s__Maribacter ulvicola
s__Kitasatospora aureofaciens
s__Psychrobacter pasteurii
s__Clostridium senegalense
s__Myxococcus virescens
s__Planctopirus limnophila
s__Cellulomonas denverensis
s__Aeromonas enteropelogenes
s__Thermanaerothrix daxensis
s__Caloranaerobacter ferrireducens
s__Legionella drozanskii
s__Burkholderia paludis
s__Streptomyces californicus
s__Flavihumibacter petaseus
s__Acetobacter papayae
s__Flavobacterium beibuense
s__Kangiella koreensis
s__Sphaerochaeta pleomorpha
s__Psychroserpens burtonensis
s__Hugenholtzia roseola
s__Nocardia lijiangensis
s__Pseudomonas kilonensis
s__Afipia massiliensis
s__Ochrobactrum cytisi
s__Methylocystis parvus
s__Lactobacillus helsingborgensis
s__Gordonia aichiensis
s__Methylobacterium nodulans
s__Mycobacterium setense
s__Campylobacter gracilis
s__Schlesneria paludicola
s__Desulfomicrobium escambiense
s__Streptomyces sulphureus
s__Silvibacterium bohemicum
s__Haloarcula rubripromontorii
s__Xenorhabdus thuongxuanensis
s__Salinimicrobium terrae
s__Sphingomonas dokdonensis
s__Streptococcus henryi
s__Streptomyces canus
s__Lactobacillus paucivorans
s__Klebsiella aerogenes
s__Micromonospora wenchangensis
s__Actinomyces turicensis
s__Microbacterium trichothecenolyticum
s__Serinicoccus profundi
s__Mycoplasma synoviae
s__Roseateles aquatilis
s__Neisseria arctica
s__Roseomonas rosea
s__Spirosoma panaciterrae
s__Allofustis seminis
s__Jeotgalibacillus alimentarius
s__Chromobacterium amazonense
s__Methanothrix soehngenii
s__Prevotella bergensis
s__Citromicrobium bathyomarinum
s__Actinobacillus equuli
s__Flavobacterium ummariense
s__Sporolactobacillus inulinus
s__Xylophilus ampelinus
s__Microbacterium hydrocarbonoxydans
s__Halopelagius inordinatus
s__Bifidobacterium crudilactis
s__Thalassolituus oleivorans
s__Selenomonas bovis
s__Haemophilus haemoglobinophilus
s__Vibrio ishigakensis
s__Anaerotignum neopropionicum
s__Mycobacterium shigaense
s__Shewanella haliotis
s__Dechloromonas aromatica
s__Bacillus aryabhattai
s__Aeromonas allosaccharophila
s__Microvirga lotononidis
s__Fretibacterium fastidiosum
s__Rhodopseudomonas pseudopalustris
s__Methanoplanus limicola
s__Marininema mesophilum
s__Bacillus selenatarsenatis
s__Sphingomonas azotifigens
s__Neisseria wadsworthii
s__Martelella endophytica
s__Granulicella mallensis
s__Eubacterium ruminantium
s__Anaerotruncus colihominis
s__Bordetella petrii
s__Halorubrum terrestre
s__Hungatella hathewayi
s__Tolypothrix bouteillei
s__Spirosoma rigui
s__Chryseobacterium artocarpi
s__Agromyces italicus
s__Neorickettsia sennetsu
s__Streptococcus intermedius
s__Gordonia rhizosphera
s__Limimonas halophila
s__Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans
s__Chryseobacterium jeonii
s__Bacillus fordii
s__Hoyosella altamirensis
s__Wolbachia pipientis
s__Indibacter alkaliphilus
s__Corynebacterium lactis
s__Porphyromonas asaccharolytica
s__Flavobacterium gelidilacus
s__Actinomyces suimastitidis
s__Herbiconiux solani
s__Nocardia flavorosea
s__Bacillus safensis
s__Massiliomicrobiota timonensis
s__Haloferax larsenii
s__Legionella steigerwaltii
s__Thermoplasma acidophilum
s__Thermoproteus tenax
s__Ruania albidiflava
s__Grimontia indica
s__Methanobrevibacter arboriphilus
s__Sulfuricaulis limicola
s__Desulfitobacterium dichloroeliminans
s__Alistipes shahii
s__Chryseobacterium angstadtii
s__Neisseria animalis
s__Herbinix luporum
s__Gilliamella mensalis
s__Ponticoccus lacteus
s__Legionella gratiana
s__Thermococcus thioreducens
s__Brachybacterium ginsengisoli
s__Propionibacterium freudenreichii
s__Syntrophobacter fumaroxidans
s__Mycobacterium xenopi
s__Aquimarina agarivorans
s__Hymenobacter chitinivorans
s__Nocardioides nitrophenolicus
s__Plantibacter flavus
s__Labrenzia alba
s__Aeriscardovia aeriphila
s__Bacillus shacheensis
s__Spiroplasma monobiae
s__Weissella kandleri
s__Pseudomonas proteolytica
s__Gordonia kroppenstedtii
s__Nocardia jinanensis
s__Lactobacillus selangorensis
s__Gryllotalpicola ginsengisoli
s__Actinotignum timonense
s__Arcobacter cryaerophilus
s__Salinicoccus alkaliphilus
s__Staphylococcus piscifermentans
s__Paracoccus saliphilus
s__Vibrio diazotrophicus
s__Flavobacterium segetis
s__Mycobacterium flavescens
s__Aestuariivita boseongensis
s__Mahella australiensis
s__Lysinibacillus xyleni
s__Bacteroides ihuae
s__Corynebacterium testudinoris
s__Paraburkholderia ginsengisoli
s__Paenibacillus bovis
s__Clostridium diolis
s__Curvibacter lanceolatus
s__Parvimonas micra
s__Gracilibacillus timonensis
s__Ndongobacter massiliensis
s__Spongiibacter marinus
s__Xanthomonas perforans
s__Octadecabacter ascidiaceicola
s__Moraxella caviae
s__Vibrio ordalii
s__Mycobacterium noviomagense
s__Mycobacterium talmoniae
s__Geobacillus icigianus
s__Actinomyces gerencseriae
s__Cryptobacterium curtum
s__Spiroplasma poulsonii
s__Polaribacter vadi
s__Nisaea denitrificans
s__Kosakonia radicincitans
s__Methanosphaera cuniculi
s__Verrucosispora maris
s__Streptomyces natalensis
s__Campylobacter showae
s__Virgibacillus salinus
s__Prevotella enoeca
s__Novosphingobium naphthalenivorans
s__Weissella bombi
s__Corynebacterium xerosis
s__Jeotgalicoccus psychrophilus
s__Salinispora arenicola
s__Gemella morbillorum
s__Mycobacterium bouchedurhonense
s__Arcobacter thereius
s__Mycoplasma anatis
s__Burkholderia lata
s__Streptomyces ambofaciens
s__Leifsonia aquatica
s__Marinococcus halophilus
s__Faecalibaculum rodentium
s__Vibrio algivorus
s__Microbulbifer aggregans
s__Acidaminococcus intestini
s__Bacillus alkalitelluris
s__Porphyrobacter colymbi
s__Mageeibacillus indolicus
s__Halovenus aranensis
s__Nitrosococcus watsonii
s__Roseburia faecis
s__Spiroplasma chrysopicola
s__Jannaschia rubra
s__Clostridium kluyveri
s__Pontibaca methylaminivorans
s__Anditalea andensis
s__Mycoplasma pneumoniae
s__Glycomyces sambucus
s__Castellaniella caeni
s__Chryseobacterium camelliae
s__Pseudomonas cedrina
s__Streptomyces mediolani
s__Pantoea rwandensis
s__Zymobacter palmae
s__Streptomyces caelestis
s__Streptococcus himalayensis
s__Shewanella violacea
s__Methyloprofundus sedimenti
s__Haliscomenobacter hydrossis
s__Bacillus horneckiae
s__Brachyspira suanatina
s__Desulfurella multipotens
s__Leptotrichia trevisanii
s__Rhodococcus koreensis
s__Streptomyces wadayamensis
s__Pseudomonas oleovorans
s__Sediminispirochaeta smaragdinae
s__Weissella confusa
s__Burkholderia dolosa
s__Solimonas aquatica
s__Treponema brennaborense
s__Halomonas meridiana
s__Weissella paramesenteroides
s__Sulfurospirillum halorespirans
s__Gordonia rubripertincta
s__Saccharomonospora cyanea
s__Carnobacterium viridans
s__Pandoraea faecigallinarum
s__Curvibacter gracilis
s__Riemerella columbipharyngis
s__Halobacteriovorax marinus
s__Chryseobacterium soli
s__Thermoanaerobacter thermohydrosulfuricus
s__Haemophilus quentini
s__Lactococcus garvieae
s__Waddlia chondrophila
s__Desulfurobacterium atlanticum
s__Nocardia brevicatena
s__Lysobacter dokdonensis
s__Clostridium ljungdahlii
s__Bacillus novalis
s__Methanosarcina flavescens
s__Marinomonas mediterranea
s__Acetobacter senegalensis
s__Paludifilum halophilum
s__Pseudomonas corrugata
s__Idiomarina piscisalsi
s__Bacillus farraginis
s__Roseburia intestinalis
s__Streptococcus orisasini
s__Catenuloplanes crispus
s__Lactobacillus collinoides
s__Granulicella pectinivorans
s__Aciduliprofundum boonei
s__Roseimaritima ulvae
s__Psychroflexus salarius
s__Pseudomonas paralactis
s__Pelagirhabdus alkalitolerans
s__Photobacterium leiognathi
s__Rickettsia honei
s__Nitratifractor salsuginis
s__Helicobacter pylori
s__Sphingomonas indica
s__Streptomyces cellulosae
s__Paenibacillus chitinolyticus
s__Methylobacterium oryzae
s__Micrococcus terreus
s__Dietzia maris
s__Actinoplanes subtropicus
s__Brevundimonas aveniformis
s__Leptospira inadai
s__Thermofilum uzonense
s__Mucilaginibacter pineti
s__Roseomonas deserti
s__Anaplasma centrale
s__Tepidanaerobacter syntrophicus
s__Psychrobacter aquaticus
s__Methanogenium cariaci
s__Flavobacterium phragmitis
s__Bifidobacterium psychraerophilum
s__Actinoplanes liguriensis
s__Halomicrobium zhouii
s__Thermoflavimicrobium dichotomicum
s__Mesorhizobium temperatum
s__Vibrio natriegens
s__Parapedobacter koreensis
s__Demetria terragena
s__Flavobacterium tructae
s__Pedobacter oryzae
s__Desulfovibrio piger
s__Hydrogenibacillus schlegelii
s__Kozakia baliensis
s__Coprococcus comes
s__Varibaculum timonense
s__Brevundimonas bacteroides
s__Marinomonas ushuaiensis
s__Anaerophaga thermohalophila
s__Thermococcus pacificus
s__Halomicrobium katesii
s__Lactobacillus aviarius
s__Staphylococcus cohnii
s__Bartonella bovis
s__Streptacidiphilus carbonis
s__Rhizobium hainanense
s__Gloeobacter kilaueensis
s__Methylobacterium frigidaeris
s__Veillonella rogosae
s__Mesorhizobium japonicum
s__Eubacterium oxidoreducens
s__Xenorhabdus japonica
s__Helicobacter mustelae
s__Lactobacillus mellis
s__Nocardiopsis halotolerans
s__Lactonifactor longoviformis
s__Dyella thiooxydans
s__Corynebacterium flavescens
s__Pontibacter akesuensis
s__Nocardia shimofusensis
s__Cedecea davisae
s__Selenomonas infelix
s__Lactobacillus farraginis
s__Vibrio lentus
s__Pantoea dispersa
s__Fervidicella metallireducens
s__Trichococcus palustris
s__Gordonia desulfuricans
s__Aquimarina muelleri
s__Calothrix parasitica
s__Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans
s__Vibrio spartinae
s__Pandoraea thiooxydans
s__Pseudoalteromonas marina
s__Halorientalis regularis
s__Winogradskyella thalassocola
s__Saccharibacter floricola
s__Cryobacterium luteum
s__Desulfomicrobium baculatum
s__Acinetobacter nosocomialis
s__Psychroflexus gondwanensis
s__Peptoclostridium litorale
s__Paenibacillus rhizosphaerae
s__Micromonospora marina
s__Paraburkholderia phymatum
s__Hydrogenophaga pseudoflava
s__Lactobacillus versmoldensis
s__Aminobacterium colombiense
s__Pyrococcus yayanosii
s__Bacteroides gallinarum
s__Oleiphilus messinensis
s__Sporosarcina psychrophila
s__Halobacillus hunanensis
s__Parabacteroides johnsonii
s__Tessaracoccus lapidicaptus
s__Actinomyces dentalis
s__Mycobacterium angelicum
s__Beduini massiliensis
s__Mycobacterium stephanolepidis
s__Allochromatium warmingii
s__Algicola sagamiensis
s__Rhodopirellula islandica
s__Listeria riparia
s__Geobacillus zalihae
s__Catenuloplanes atrovinosus
s__Bacillus trypoxylicola
s__Spiroplasma diminutum
s__Caldimicrobium thiodismutans
s__Acetobacter orientalis
s__Lactobacillus iners
s__Mannheimia haemolytica
s__Streptomyces violaceoruber
s__Streptomyces flaveus
s__Arenimonas oryziterrae
s__Anaeromusa acidaminophila
s__Bacillus indicus
s__Corynebacterium aquilae
s__Acinetobacter junii
s__Novosphingobium rosa
s__Desulfosporosinus hippei
s__Streptococcus australis
s__Halomonas nigrificans
s__Mycoplasma agalactiae
s__Thalassospira lohafexi
s__Bacillus campisalis
s__Streptomyces griseochromogenes
s__Pseudomonas sabulinigri
s__Bifidobacterium pseudolongum
s__Desulfotomaculum geothermicum
s__Brevibacillus parabrevis
s__Bacillus aidingensis
s__Methanothermococcus okinawensis
s__Rickettsia raoultii
s__Prevotella oris
s__Wigglesworthia glossinidia
s__Planococcus antarcticus
s__Pararheinheimera mesophila
s__Oryzisolibacter propanilivorax
s__Kosakonia oryzendophytica
s__Gynuella sunshinyii
s__Schleiferia thermophila
s__Flavobacterium haoranii
s__Bartonella vinsonii
s__Franconibacter pulveris
s__Brachyspira pilosicoli
s__Chromobacterium aquaticum
s__Halomonas taeanensis
s__Hyphomonas neptunium
s__Rhodoferax fermentans
s__Caldicellulosiruptor lactoaceticus
s__Methylobacterium populi
s__Moraxella porci
s__Curtobacterium pusillum
s__Pseudomonas linyingensis
s__Brachymonas chironomi
s__Micromonospora humi
s__Alicyclobacillus tengchongensis
s__Gimesia maris
s__Paenibacillus tuaregi
s__Kytococcus schroeteri
s__Moraxella cuniculi
s__Acinetobacter guillouiae
s__Chondromyces apiculatus
s__Exiguobacterium indicum
s__Staphylococcus muscae
s__Corynebacterium diphtheriae
s__Serinicoccus chungangensis
s__Henriciella pelagia
s__Ruegeria halocynthiae
s__Rubeoparvulum massiliense
s__Thioalkalivibrio paradoxus
s__Sulfuricurvum kujiense
s__Rhodobacter azotoformans
s__Aeromonas bestiarum
s__Thiocapsa roseopersicina
s__Mycobacterium pallens
s__Solimonas variicoloris
s__Parapedobacter composti
s__Agrobacterium rubi
s__Brevibacterium yomogidense
s__Clostridium arbusti
s__Lachnospira multipara
s__Halolactibacillus halophilus
s__Actinomyces oris
s__Prevotella multisaccharivorax
s__Pannonibacter indicus
s__Rhizobium multihospitium
s__Herbaspirillum hiltneri
s__Halanaerobium salsuginis
s__Roseivivax halotolerans
s__Brucella ovis
s__Cellulophaga fucicola
s__Acinetobacter bouvetii
s__Clostridium ihumii
s__Gordonia sputi
s__Segniliparus rotundus
s__Lactobacillus tucceti
s__Flavobacterium flevense
s__Alicyclobacillus shizuokensis
s__Rhizobium mongolense
s__Pseudomonas moraviensis
s__Dechloromonas denitrificans
s__Sulfurospirillum deleyianum
s__Xanthomonas pisi
s__Tindallia californiensis
s__Terribacillus aidingensis
s__Oceanicola litoreus
s__Bartonella melophagi
s__Methyloversatilis universalis
s__Pseudomonas massiliensis
s__Streptococcus equi
s__Lactobacillus curvatus
s__Glaciibacter superstes
s__Pseudomonas saponiphila
s__Algiphilus aromaticivorans
s__Cryobacterium levicorallinum
s__Enterobacter asburiae
s__Bacillus cecembensis
s__Salimicrobium jeotgali
s__Frankia casuarinae
s__Caldanaerobacter subterraneus
s__Caballeronia megalochromosomata
s__Neisseria gonorrhoeae
s__Pseudomonas gessardii
s__Ramlibacter tataouinensis
s__Jannaschia aquimarina
s__Bifidobacterium reuteri
s__Bacillus rhizosphaerae
s__Pseudoalteromonas porphyrae
s__Aliivibrio wodanis
s__Streptococcus thermophilus
s__Cellulomonas persica
s__Staphylococcus nepalensis
s__Desulfurococcus amylolyticus
s__Legionella drancourtii
s__Exiguobacterium sibiricum
s__Corynebacterium provencense
s__Sphingobium indicum
s__Nocardia jiangxiensis
s__Thioclava nitratireducens
s__Geminocystis herdmanii
s__Fluviicola taffensis
s__Ponticoccus marisrubri
s__Pseudomonas lactis
s__Acidihalobacter ferrooxidans
s__Mycobacterium malmesburyense
s__Paenibacillus aquistagni
s__Shewanella benthica
s__Desulfovibrio africanus
s__Nocardia inohanensis
s__Lysinimicrobium aestuarii
s__Actinopolymorpha singaporensis
s__Acetobacter syzygii
s__Leeia oryzae
s__Methylophaga thiooxydans
s__Chlamydia psittaci
s__Pararhodospirillum photometricum
s__Acetoanaerobium sticklandii
s__Tolypothrix campylonemoides
s__Photobacterium piscicola
s__Muribaculum intestinale
s__Elstera cyanobacteriorum
s__Agrococcus baldri
s__Stenotrophomonas panacihumi
s__Gemella bergeri
s__Geodermatophilus siccatus
s__Dietzia cinnamea
s__Acidimicrobium ferrooxidans
s__Ehrlichia chaffeensis
s__Methanobrevibacter olleyae
s__Pediococcus ethanolidurans
s__Bifidobacterium gallicum
s__Fructobacillus tropaeoli
s__Pseudoscardovia suis
s__Micromonospora halophytica
s__Bacteroides stercorirosoris
s__Halomonas chromatireducens
s__Paraburkholderia mimosarum
s__Bacillus thuringiensis
s__Alishewanella aestuarii
s__Bradyrhizobium stylosanthis
s__Paracoccus denitrificans
s__Streptococcus pseudoporcinus
s__Pseudomonas asturiensis
s__Mycobacterium conspicuum
s__Loktanella maricola
s__Alkalimonas amylolytica
s__Pseudomonas entomophila
s__Streptococcus acidominimus
s__Chryseobacterium daeguense
s__Rugamonas rubra
s__Thauera selenatis
s__Thermococcus profundus
s__Fimbriimonas ginsengisoli
s__Cellulomonas bogoriensis
s__Maribacter forsetii
s__Thiomonas bhubaneswarensis
s__Eubacterium pyruvativorans
s__Paracoccus chinensis
s__Lysinimicrobium soli
s__Legionella adelaidensis
s__Selenomonas sputigena
s__Photobacterium jeanii
s__Rhodobacter ovatus
s__Pedobacter insulae
s__Mycoplasma feriruminatoris
s__Campylobacter iguaniorum
s__Aeromonas diversa
s__Hydrotalea flava
s__Microvirgula aerodenitrificans
s__Lactobacillus zymae
s__Bifidobacterium longum
s__Ulvibacter litoralis
s__Porphyrobacter dokdonensis
s__Helicobacter canis
s__Leptospira noguchii
s__Vibrio azureus
s__Flavobacterium lindanitolerans
s__Methanocaldococcus jannaschii
s__Blautia obeum
s__Mycobacterium kyorinense
s__Chryseobacterium carnipullorum
s__Erwinia tasmaniensis
s__Legionella hackeliae
s__Burkholderia diffusa
s__Nosocomiicoccus ampullae
s__Thiobacillus denitrificans
s__Megamonas rupellensis
s__Proteus columbae
s__Pedobacter cryoconitis
s__Pseudonocardia tetrahydrofuranoxydans
s__Dysgonomonas gadei
s__Limnochorda pilosa
s__Bacillus caseinilyticus
s__Hyalangium minutum
s__Mycoplasma testudineum
s__Gabonibacter massiliensis
s__Myroides odoratus
s__Laribacter hongkongensis
s__Caviibacterium pharyngocola
s__Acetobacter pasteurianus
s__Bifidobacterium boum
s__Marvinbryantia formatexigens
s__Corynebacterium amycolatum
s__Immundisolibacter cernigliae
s__Aminobacterium mobile
s__Stenotrophomonas terrae
s__Legionella israelensis
s__Pseudescherichia vulneris
s__Segetibacter koreensis
s__Phaeobacter inhibens
s__Pseudomonas seleniipraecipitans
s__Sulfolobus metallicus
s__Salinihabitans flavidus
s__Haloferax alexandrinus
s__Pseudomonas guineae
s__Mycobacterium canariasense
s__Thermoproteus uzoniensis
s__Sphingomonas melonis
s__Sulfurospirillum cavolei
s__Lawsonella clevelandensis
s__Halorhabdus utahensis
s__Halorubrum lacusprofundi
s__Oleibacter marinus
s__Chloroflexus aggregans
s__Rickettsia bellii
s__Bacillus dakarensis
s__Tindallia magadiensis
s__Lactobacillus koreensis
s__Commensalibacter intestini
s__Catenulispora acidiphila
s__Rhodohalobacter halophilus
s__Helicobacter macacae
s__Pseudomonas fluorescens
s__Kushneria marisflavi
s__Legionella shakespearei
s__Pseudomonas borbori
s__Rhizobium gallicum
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio profundus
s__Nocardiopsis synnemataformans
s__Pelobacter carbinolicus
s__Acinetobacter seifertii
s__Paenibacillus panacisoli
s__Sediminihabitans luteus
s__Kerstersia gyiorum
s__Thermostaphylospora chromogena
s__Halomonas elongata
s__Staphylococcus edaphicus
s__Shewanella indica
s__Pseudoalteromonas piratica
s__Leptospira alstonii
s__Actinomyces timonensis
s__Roseicitreum antarcticum
s__Gallionella capsiferriformans
s__Novosphingobium tardaugens
s__Bacillus xerothermodurans
s__Friedmanniella sagamiharensis
s__Cucumibacter marinus
s__Thermosipho atlanticus
s__Geobacter pickeringii
s__Sulfitobacter mediterraneus
s__Sporomusa malonica
s__Halobacillus kuroshimensis
s__Enterococcus haemoperoxidus
s__Microscilla marina
s__Haematomicrobium sanguinis
s__Mobiluncus curtisii
s__Flavobacterium swingsii
s__Campylobacter ureolyticus
s__Polaribacter haliotis
s__Niveispirillum irakense
s__Polaromonas jejuensis
s__Komagataeibacter oboediens
s__Corynebacterium aurimucosum
s__Bacillus azotoformans
s__Methanonatronarchaeum thermophilum
s__Oceanimonas doudoroffii
s__Pleomorphomonas diazotrophica
s__Rhodobacter capsulatus
s__Lonsdalea iberica
s__Mesorhizobium ciceri
s__Mycobacterium abscessus
s__Pediococcus claussenii
s__Pseudonocardia thermophila
s__Frateuria aurantia
s__Enterococcus sulfureus
s__Picrophilus torridus
s__Erythrobacter citreus
s__Bacteroides pyogenes
s__Enterobacter ludwigii
s__Mariniphaga anaerophila
s__Lonsdalea quercina
s__Shewanella waksmanii
s__Methyloceanibacter caenitepidi
s__Sulfitobacter donghicola
s__Mesotoga prima
s__Pedobacter xixiisoli
s__Pleomorphomonas oryzae
s__Jatrophihabitans endophyticus
s__Halomonas cupida
s__Desulfonatronovibrio magnus
s__Leptospira wolbachii
s__Rheinheimera baltica
s__Patulibacter minatonensis
s__Shimazuella kribbensis
s__Tamilnaduibacter salinus
s__Anaerococcus senegalensis
s__Micavibrio aeruginosavorus
s__Lactobacillus fructivorans
s__Corynebacterium terpenotabidum
s__Ardenticatena maritima
s__Roseisalinus antarcticus
s__Prevotella ruminicola
s__Burkholderia territorii
s__Roseobacter litoralis
s__Mycobacterium gilvum
s__Caviibacter abscessus
s__Desulfuromonas soudanensis
s__Mitsuaria chitosanitabida
s__Halodesulfovibrio aestuarii
s__Lysobacter spongiicola
s__Mycobacterium parmense
s__Phycisphaera mikurensis
s__Paracoccus alkenifer
s__Helicobacter hepaticus
s__Bradyrhizobium viridifuturi
s__Dehalogenimonas lykanthroporepellens
s__Kineosporia aurantiaca
s__Bacillus abyssalis
s__Mucinivorans hirudinis
s__Rickettsia massiliae
s__Clostridium perfringens
s__Haematospirillum jordaniae
s__Akkermansia glycaniphila
s__Mycobacterium celeriflavum
s__Hydrogenoanaerobacterium saccharovorans
s__Methylovorus glucosotrophus
s__Campylobacter lanienae
s__Borrelia crocidurae
s__Hydrocarboniphaga daqingensis
s__Campylobacter volucris
s__Derxia lacustris
s__Pyramidobacter piscolens
s__Butyricimonas synergistica
s__Janthinobacterium agaricidamnosum
s__Mycobacterium doricum
s__Caloramator mitchellensis
s__Mycobacterium monacense
s__Pseudohongiella nitratireducens
s__Helicobacter acinonychis
s__Litorimicrobium taeanense
s__Erwinia piriflorinigrans
s__Dissulfuribacter thermophilus
s__Oceanobacillus jeddahense
s__Deinococcus phoenicis
s__Pseudoalteromonas translucida
s__Pseudomonas composti
s__Amphritea japonica
s__Methanothermobacter marburgensis
s__Pseudohongiella spirulinae
s__Microbulbifer agarilyticus
s__Xanthomonas hortorum
s__Syntrophomonas wolfei
s__Lactobacillus apodemi
s__Acinetobacter gyllenbergii
s__Phycicoccus cremeus
s__Paracoccus aminovorans
s__Lewinella cohaerens
s__Anoxybacillus tepidamans
s__Halorubrum distributum
s__Paenibacillus glucanolyticus
s__Pseudomonas alkylphenolica
s__Acholeplasma laidlawii
s__Paenibacillus antarcticus
s__Rhizobium selenitireducens
s__Lascolabacillus massiliensis
s__Cellulomonas massiliensis
s__Bacillus halotolerans
s__Tanticharoenia sakaeratensis
s__Friedmanniella flava
s__Sulfurovum riftiae
s__Campylobacter avium
s__Sharpea azabuensis
s__Prevotella brevis
s__Aeribacillus pallidus
s__Gemmata massiliana
s__Achromobacter spanius
s__Natronorubrum tibetense
s__Pseudomonas xanthomarina
s__Helicobacter bilis
s__Cuniculiplasma divulgatum
s__Natronococcus jeotgali
s__Lactobacillus mucosae
s__Mucilaginibacter mallensis
s__Paenibacillus camerounensis
s__Corynebacterium sphenisci
s__Lysinibacillus varians
s__Burkholderia multivorans
s__Beijerinckia mobilis
s__Cetobacterium ceti
s__Borrelia miyamotoi
s__Pedobacter jeongneungensis
s__Streptomyces yunnanensis
s__Thermoanaerobacter pseudethanolicus
s__Legionella longbeachae
s__Campylobacter curvus
s__Herbidospora cretacea
s__Methanosphaera stadtmanae
s__Desulfovibrio legallii
s__Polaromonas glacialis
s__Rheinheimera nanhaiensis
s__Deinococcus wulumuqiensis
s__Serratia marcescens
s__Ureaplasma diversum
s__Caballeronia mineralivorans
s__Archaeoglobus sulfaticallidus
s__Pseudomonas brenneri
s__Streptomyces gancidicus
s__Lactobacillus otakiensis
s__Desulfovibrio putealis
s__Terrisporobacter othiniensis
s__Caulobacter segnis
s__Amycolatopsis coloradensis
s__Bacillus humi
s__Neptunomonas antarctica
s__Pseudodonghicola xiamenensis
s__Acidilobus saccharovorans
s__Pseudomonas migulae
s__Psychrobacter glacincola
s__Haloterrigena turkmenica
s__Vibrio quintilis
s__Lactobacillus malefermentans
s__Pseudomonas litoralis
s__Mucilaginibacter gossypii
s__Brachybacterium nesterenkovii
s__Chryseobacterium wanjuense
s__Sphingorhabdus marina
s__Acinetobacter larvae
s__Pedobacter psychrophilus
s__Streptomyces yerevanensis
s__Lentzea albida
s__Pontibacter indicus
s__Leptospira weilii
s__Methanofollis liminatans
s__Photobacterium iliopiscarium
s__Pedobacter agri
s__Pedobacter glucosidilyticus
s__Enterococcus devriesei
s__Streptobacillus moniliformis
s__Mycobacterium tusciae
s__Mariniblastus fucicola
s__Skermanella stibiiresistens
s__Actinoplanes awajinensis
s__Thiomonas delicata
s__Massilia niastensis
s__Asaia platycodi
s__Comamonas testosteroni
s__Streptomyces bikiniensis
s__Pseudomonas otitidis
s__Acetobacter tropicalis
s__Algibacter pectinivorans
s__Lysinibacillus odysseyi
s__Paraburkholderia terrae
s__Cribrihabitans marinus
s__Planococcus plakortidis
s__Natrialba taiwanensis
s__Planktotalea arctica
s__Flavobacterium aquidurense
s__Mycobacterium smegmatis
s__Gillisia limnaea
s__Leptothrix cholodnii
s__Clostridium tyrobutyricum
s__Bradyrhizobium lablabi
s__Methylophaga frappieri
s__Bacteroides salyersiae
s__Pseudomonas tremae
s__Maricaulis salignorans
s__Algoriphagus ornithinivorans
s__Chitinophaga pinensis
s__Bifidobacterium myosotis
s__Pseudonocardia autotrophica
s__Paraglaciecola hydrolytica
s__Yersinia pseudotuberculosis
s__Christensenella massiliensis
s__Colibacter massiliensis
s__Lysinibacillus sinduriensis
s__Flavobacterium aquatile
s__Herminiimonas arsenicoxydans
s__Aquimarina amphilecti
s__Thalassospira tepidiphila
s__Nocardiopsis salina
s__Aquiflexum balticum
s__Anaerococcus obesiensis
s__Rubritalea squalenifaciens
s__Pseudooceanicola flagellatus
s__Bifidobacterium ruminantium
s__Sporomusa silvacetica
s__Actinomyces odontolyticus
s__Comamonas badia
s__Polynucleobacter wuianus
s__Blattabacterium punctulatus
s__Haloferax volcanii
s__Loktanella salsilacus
s__Methylophaga aminisulfidivorans
s__Megamonas funiformis
s__Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus
s__Streptococcus troglodytae
s__Pelagibacterium luteolum
s__Vibrio thalassae
s__Kosakonia sacchari
s__Agarivorans gilvus
s__Vibrio campbellii
s__Geoalkalibacter ferrihydriticus
s__Ilyobacter polytropus
s__Shigella flexneri
s__Wenzhouxiangella marina
s__Porphyromonas catoniae
s__Bacteroides reticulotermitis
s__Legionella quateirensis
s__Achromobacter arsenitoxydans
s__Chryseobacterium gambrini
s__Acinetobacter venetianus
s__Avibacterium paragallinarum
s__Anaerotruncus rubiinfantis
s__Devosia epidermidihirudinis
s__Actinomadura oligospora
s__Streptomyces bobili
s__Micromonospora sediminicola
s__Phaseolibacter flectens
s__Chthonomonas calidirosea
s__Bombiscardovia coagulans
s__Nitrosospira multiformis
s__Ureaplasma parvum
s__Salimicrobium album
s__Nocardiopsis flavescens
s__Comamonas aquatica
s__Sulfitobacter delicatus
s__Gluconobacter japonicus
s__Flavobacterium saccharophilum
s__Paenibacillus lentimorbus
s__Parabacteroides chartae
s__Mycoplasma opalescens
s__Heliobacterium modesticaldum
s__Caloramator quimbayensis
s__Lactobacillus panis
s__Pediococcus cellicola
s__Wohlfahrtiimonas populi
s__Woeseia oceani
s__Gallaecimonas xiamenensis
s__Mycobacterium lepromatosis
s__Caballeronia terrestris
s__Acidovorax citrulli
s__Thermogymnomonas acidicola
s__Xenorhabdus griffiniae
s__Vibrio fortis
s__Methanoculleus horonobensis
s__Shewanella morhuae
s__Archangium gephyra
s__Sphingopyxis fribergensis
s__Mesorhizobium metallidurans
s__Sphaerospermopsis aphanizomenoides
s__Alkaliphilus oremlandii
s__Bacillus okhensis
s__Lelliottia nimipressuralis
s__Pararheinheimera texasensis
s__Pseudoalteromonas tunicata
s__Streptococcus parasanguinis
s__Aeromicrobium massiliense
s__Labilibacter marinus
s__Lactobacillus wasatchensis
s__Vibrio sinaloensis
s__Buttiauxella agrestis
s__Chitinophaga costaii
s__Rhodococcus opacus
s__Pseudarthrobacter sulfonivorans
s__Pseudoalteromonas byunsanensis
s__Corynebacterium stationis
s__Treponema paraluiscuniculi
s__Streptomyces specialis
s__Staphylothermus hellenicus
s__Tatumella citrea
s__Megamonas hypermegale
s__Sodalis praecaptivus
s__Methanocaldococcus villosus
s__Roseovarius azorensis
s__Desulfovibrio dechloracetivorans
s__Rhodopirellula sallentina
s__Sphingomonas pituitosa
s__Enterococcus faecium
s__Kriegella aquimaris
s__Mediterranea massiliensis
s__Megasphaera micronuciformis
s__Staphylothermus marinus
s__Alkalilimnicola ehrlichii
s__Methylobacterium brachiatum
s__Saccharopolyspora flava
s__Maritimibacter alkaliphilus
s__Vibrio nereis
s__Kosmotoga arenicorallina
s__Caballeronia cordobensis
s__Clostridium tunisiense
s__Clostridium thermobutyricum
s__Occidentia massiliensis
s__Mycobacterium orygis
s__Kiritimatiella glycovorans
s__Pseudoalteromonas gelatinilytica
s__Halanaerobium praevalens
s__Vibrio crassostreae
s__Enterococcus durans
s__Streptomyces europaeiscabiei
s__Staphylococcus schweitzeri
s__Oligella urethralis
s__Mycoplasma genitalium
s__Pseudophaeobacter leonis
s__Oceanivirga salmonicida
s__Gillisia marina
s__Microbulbifer mangrovi
s__Legionella pneumophila
s__Streptomyces daghestanicus
s__Desulfatirhabdium butyrativorans
s__Bifidobacterium adolescentis
s__Nostoc linckia
s__Chryseobacterium greenlandense
s__Neisseria weaveri
s__Phaeodactylibacter xiamenensis
s__Pseudoalteromonas ulvae
s__Bibersteinia trehalosi
s__Serratia ureilytica
s__Rickettsia felis
s__Desulfotignum phosphitoxidans
s__Clostridium botulinum
s__Acinetobacter defluvii
s__Alkalibacterium subtropicum
s__Amycolatopsis niigatensis
s__Altererythrobacter epoxidivorans
s__Microbispora rosea
s__Halomonas beimenensis
s__Lactobacillus brantae
s__Facklamia miroungae
s__Brachyspira hampsonii
s__Xenorhabdus koppenhoeferi
s__Burkholderia singularis
s__Jeotgalibacillus marinus
s__Desulfovibrio salexigens
s__Altererythrobacter ishigakiensis
s__Legionella geestiana
s__Treponema porcinum
s__Selenomonas noxia
s__Haloarcula hispanica
s__Legionella oakridgensis
s__Pseudomonas lundensis
s__Aquimarina longa
s__Actinotalea fermentans
s__Streptacidiphilus neutrinimicus
s__Mobiluncus mulieris
s__Methylobacterium pseudosasicola
s__Arsenicicoccus bolidensis
s__Streptomyces africanus
s__Neorickettsia helminthoeca
s__Legionella spiritensis
s__Bosea robiniae
s__Mycetocola miduiensis
s__Zobellella denitrificans
s__Nitrosomonas halophila
s__Persephonella marina
s__Rodentibacter myodis
s__Nocardiopsis xinjiangensis
s__Eisenbergiella tayi
s__Robiginitomaculum antarcticum
s__Haliangium ochraceum
s__Actinobacillus seminis
s__Sphingomonas koreensis
s__Nocardioides pyridinolyticus
s__Bacteroides propionicifaciens
s__Enterobacter xiangfangensis
s__Helicobacter himalayensis
s__Yersinia pekkanenii
s__Pasteurella skyensis
s__Nodularia spumigena
s__Burkholderia vietnamiensis
s__Bacillus subtilis
s__Propionimicrobium lymphophilum
s__Marinactinospora thermotolerans
s__Halorubrum vacuolatum
s__Thauera butanivorans
s__Clostridium colicanis
s__Pseudomonas mucidolens
s__Cardiobacterium valvarum
s__Nocardia vermiculata
s__Erwinia tracheiphila
s__Pseudoalteromonas amylolytica
s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
s__Brevibacillus borstelensis
s__Crocosphaera watsonii
s__Mangrovibacter phragmitis
s__Streptomyces monomycini
s__Mycobacterium gastri
s__Desulfofaba hansenii
s__Lactobacillus camelliae
s__Thermodesulfobacterium geofontis
s__Massilia psychrophila
s__Shewanella baltica
s__Streptobacillus ratti
s__Acidovorax avenae
s__Saccharopolyspora jiangxiensis
s__Ensifer sojae
s__Agrobacterium salinitolerans
s__Corynebacterium jeikeium
s__Oceanithermus profundus
s__Photobacterium sanguinicancri
s__Pseudoalteromonas arabiensis
s__Gottschalkia acidurici
s__Marinimicrobium agarilyticum
s__Flavobacterium gillisiae
s__Bradyrhizobium icense
s__Tetragenococcus muriaticus
s__Sphingomonas panacis
s__Nitrosopumilus maritimus
s__Roseovarius indicus
s__Gorillibacterium massiliense
s__Chlorobaculum parvum
s__Cellulosilyticum ruminicola
s__Salinimicrobium catena
s__Klebsiella michiganensis
s__Frankia asymbiotica
s__Lactobacillus zeae
s__Barnesiella intestinihominis
s__Domibacillus enclensis
s__Salegentibacter mishustinae
s__Pseudoalteromonas elyakovii
s__Halovivax ruber
s__Lactobacillus graminis
s__Chlorobaculum limnaeum
s__Calothrix elsteri
s__Caballeronia udeis
s__Microbacterium maritypicum
s__Ruegeria marina
s__Corynebacterium accolens
s__Polymorphum gilvum
s__Streptococcus suis
s__Halorhodospira halophila
s__Metallosphaera yellowstonensis
s__Leisingera aquimarina
s__Nitrososphaera viennensis
s__Xanthomonas oryzae
s__Demequina aestuarii
s__Rhizobium alamii
s__Psychrobacter arcticus
s__Lewinella nigricans
s__Aequorivita viscosa
s__Rhizobium pusense
s__Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea
s__Pelagibaca abyssi
s__Burkholderia pseudomultivorans
s__Bifidobacterium angulatum
s__Geodermatophilus brasiliensis
s__Legionella quinlivanii
s__Elstera litoralis
s__Bacillus ndiopicus
s__Dialister succinatiphilus
s__Lactobacillus gorillae
s__Dietzia timorensis
s__Salmonella bongori
s__Halomonas lionensis
s__Marinobacterium litorale
s__Klebsiella pneumoniae
s__Lagierella massiliensis
s__Geobacter metallireducens
s__Streptomyces viridifaciens
s__Bradyrhizobium pachyrhizi
s__Rhodopirellula bahusiensis
s__Kocuria polaris
s__Halomonas lutea
s__Streptomyces wedmorensis
s__Lactobacillus amylolyticus
s__Silvanigrella aquatica
s__Vibrio mexicanus
s__Streptococcus infantis
s__Gordonia otitidis
s__Jiangella alkaliphila
s__Pantoea cypripedii
s__Corynebacterium falsenii
s__Photobacterium profundum
s__Methylobacterium tarhaniae
s__Aquimarina macrocephali
s__Timonella senegalensis
s__Afipia birgiae
s__Cronobacter sakazakii
s__Prevotella intermedia
s__Leptospira broomii
s__Chitinophaga niabensis
s__Sphingomonas wittichii
s__Piscicoccus intestinalis
s__Haloplanus vescus
s__Ruminococcus callidus
s__Desulfobulbus mediterraneus
s__Aulosira laxa
s__Corynebacterium jeddahense
s__Metallosphaera cuprina
s__Lewinella agarilytica
s__Thermofilum carboxyditrophus
s__Komagataeibacter intermedius
s__Streptococcus didelphis
s__Peptoniphilus phoceensis
s__Rickettsia aeschlimannii
s__Pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis
s__Halomonas jeotgali
s__Lactobacillus sharpeae
s__Methanoculleus sediminis
s__Thiocystis violascens
s__Paenibacillus thiaminolyticus
s__Pedobacter terrae
s__Mycobacterium hodleri
s__Streptomyces sampsonii
s__Deinococcus hopiensis
s__Caballeronia humi
s__Exiguobacterium enclense
s__Lactobacillus dextrinicus
s__Microbacterium laevaniformans
s__Neptuniibacter marinus
s__Idiomarina salinarum
s__Catenuloplanes japonicus
s__Bermanella marisrubri
s__Nocardia transvalensis
s__Noviherbaspirillum autotrophicum
s__Actinomyces cardiffensis
s__Grimontia marina
s__Stenotrophomonas nitritireducens
s__Alloscardovia criceti
s__Maribacter dokdonensis
s__Roseofilum reptotaenium
s__Thiothrix eikelboomii
s__Thermocrinis ruber
s__Lishizhenia tianjinensis
s__Anaerobium acetethylicum
s__Streptomyces noursei
s__Halovivax asiaticus
s__Methylomicrobium agile
s__Nitrosomonas cryotolerans
s__Ghiorsea bivora
s__Niastella koreensis
s__Desulfitobacterium dehalogenans
s__Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae
s__Clavibacter nebraskensis
s__Denitrobacterium detoxificans
s__Mycoplasma haemofelis
s__Gordonia bronchialis
s__Sphingopyxis ummariensis
s__Levilinea saccharolytica
s__Meiothermus timidus
s__Bartonella tamiae
s__Hydrobacter penzbergensis
s__Phenylobacterium zucineum
s__Rhizobium flavum
s__Pelobacter acetylenicus
s__Holospora undulata
s__Mycoplasma molare
s__Catenibacterium mitsuokai
s__Leptotrichia massiliensis
s__Aestuariibacter salexigens
s__Photobacterium galatheae
s__Shewanella upenei
s__Streptomyces flavovirens
s__Streptomyces phaeopurpureus
s__Nonlabens ulvanivorans
s__Frankia coriariae
s__Tamlana sedimentorum
s__Thauera aminoaromatica
s__Entomoplasma somnilux
s__Mesorhizobium erdmanii
s__Amycolatopsis kentuckyensis
s__Halomonas aquamarina
s__Kitasatospora cheerisanensis
s__Prevotella histicola
s__Prevotella paludivivens
s__Capnocytophaga stomatis
s__Sphaerochaeta coccoides
s__Aeromonas simiae
s__Nocardiopsis gilva
s__Parapedobacter indicus
s__Sedimenticola selenatireducens
s__Thermosinus carboxydivorans
s__Planktothrix prolifica
s__Acholeplasma equifetale
s__Bacillus rubiinfantis
s__Atopobium fossor
s__Staphylococcus gallinarum
s__Elizabethkingia miricola
s__Zunongwangia mangrovi
s__Bacteroides finegoldii
s__Caballeronia hypogeia
s__Coprothermobacter platensis
s__Virgibacillus senegalensis
s__Pantoea agglomerans
s__Magnetospirillum magnetotacticum
s__Marichromatium gracile
s__Pseudomonas brassicacearum
s__Xanthomonas arboricola
s__Paenibacillus ferrarius
s__Streptomyces auratus
s__Comamonas serinivorans
s__Methylogaea oryzae
s__Serratia rubidaea
s__Mycoplasma pullorum
s__Maledivibacter halophilus
s__Paraferrimonas haliotis
s__Enterococcus rivorum
s__Eubacterium barkeri
s__Nitrincola nitratireducens
s__Algoriella xinjiangensis
s__Bacillus alcalophilus
s__Chryseobacterium molle
s__Capnocytophaga canis
s__Streptosporangium roseum
s__Bacillus timonensis
s__Mycoplasma auris
s__Cellulophaga tyrosinoxydans
s__Rhodococcus phenolicus
s__Lactobacillus parabrevis
s__Butyrivibrio hungatei
s__Rhizobium ecuadorense
s__Curtobacterium citreum
s__Enterovibrio coralii
s__Aphanocapsa montana
s__Alteribacillus persepolensis
s__Nocardia miyunensis
s__Microbacterium aurum
s__Rickettsia argasii
s__Rhizobium lusitanum
s__Pedobacter africanus
s__Rhizobium miluonense
s__Arenibacter certesii
s__Pseudoflavonifractor capillosus
s__Myroides marinus
s__Tessaracoccus flavescens
s__Streptomyces pini
s__Dialister pneumosintes
s__Bacillus mycoides
s__Actibacterium atlanticum
s__Nocardia seriolae
s__Achromobacter insolitus
s__Campylobacter pinnipediorum
s__Virgibacillus pantothenticus
s__Kluyvera intermedia
s__Synergistes jonesii
s__Alicyclobacillus pomorum
s__Pseudomonas saudimassiliensis
s__Prevotella phocaeensis
s__Vibrio bivalvicida
s__Mycobacterium caprae
s__Methyloferula stellata
s__Lactobacillus acidifarinae
s__Clostridium scatologenes
s__Niveispirillum lacus
s__Ferrimonas senticii
s__Desulfovibrio bizertensis
s__Plantibacter cousiniae
s__Prevotella conceptionensis
s__Nautella italica
s__Rhodoluna lacicola
s__Nocardia concava
s__Thermosphaera aggregans
s__Geofilum rubicundum
s__Bacillus acidiproducens
s__Sphingomonas guangdongensis
s__Neisseria animaloris
s__Streptomyces albulus
s__Cystobacter ferrugineus
s__Chryseobacterium bovis
s__Devosia soli
s__Rhizobium tibeticum
s__Conservatibacter flavescens
s__Beggiatoa alba
s__Rufibacter tibetensis
s__Thalassospira alkalitolerans
s__Piscirickettsia salmonis
s__Carboxydothermus ferrireducens
s__Arthrobacter alpinus
s__Methylibium petroleiphilum
s__Mycobacterium intermedium
s__Micromonospora rifamycinica
s__Leptospira meyeri
s__Nioella sediminis
s__Siphonobacter aquaeclarae
s__Nocardia anaemiae
s__Brevefilum fermentans
s__Myxococcus macrosporus
s__Pseudoalteromonas distincta
s__Advenella kashmirensis
s__Porphyrobacter cryptus
s__Intrasporangium oryzae
s__Serinibacter salmoneus
s__Leeuwenhoekiella blandensis
s__Prevotella timonensis
s__Alkalibacterium thalassium
s__Anaerococcus tetradius
s__Micrococcus luteus
s__Pseudomonas coronafaciens
s__Pseudoalteromonas espejiana
s__Hellea balneolensis
s__Facklamia hominis
s__Allokutzneria albata
s__Lactobacillus cacaonum
s__Haemophilus sputorum
s__Pseudorhodobacter psychrotolerans
s__Salinicoccus luteus
s__Halorubrum litoreum
s__Rhizobium oryzae
s__Bifidobacterium lemurum
s__Anaerosporomusa subterranea
s__Paenarthrobacter nicotinovorans
s__Aquimonas voraii
s__Martelella mediterranea
s__Ideonella sakaiensis
s__Deinococcus frigens
s__Asticcacaulis taihuensis
s__Sphingobium amiense
s__Nocardia carnea
s__Bifidobacterium tsurumiense
s__Corynebacterium capitovis
s__Bartonella rochalimae
s__Bifidobacterium actinocoloniiforme
s__Algibacter aquaticus
s__Magnetospirillum caucaseum
s__Mycobacterium nonchromogenicum
s__Wenyingzhuangia fucanilytica
s__Corynebacterium ammoniagenes
s__Exiguobacterium acetylicum
s__Carnobacterium gallinarum
s__Corynebacterium simulans
s__Micromonospora chokoriensis
s__Plantibacter elymi
s__Actinomyces neuii
s__Tepidimonas taiwanensis
s__Mastigocladopsis repens
s__Chelatococcus sambhunathii
s__Amylibacter cionae
s__Xanthomonas axonopodis
s__Idiomarina planktonica
s__Veillonella seminalis
s__Gluconobacter oxydans
s__Oceaniovalibus guishaninsula
s__Streptomyces resistomycificus
s__Pseudomonas peli
s__Terribacillus halophilus
s__Paenibacillus phocaensis
s__Streptococcus ferus
s__Streptacidiphilus rugosus
s__Mycobacterium acapulcensis
s__Marinobacter gudaonensis
s__Campylobacter sputorum
s__Thermoanaerobacter italicus
s__Parageobacillus thermantarcticus
s__Bradyrhizobium canariense
s__Loktanella fryxellensis
s__Psychrobacillus psychrodurans
s__Acetobacter ghanensis
s__Bacteroides fluxus
s__Loktanella sediminum
s__Acinetobacter boissieri
s__Stenoxybacter acetivorans
s__Halorubrum californiense
s__Lactobacillus pantheris
s__Selenomonas ruminantium
s__Psychrobacter alimentarius
s__Luteipulveratus mongoliensis
s__Chryseobacterium aquaticum
s__Legionella moravica
s__Thermococcus onnurineus
s__Desulfovibrio litoralis
s__Pyrobaculum ferrireducens
s__Duganella phyllosphaerae
s__Alloprevotella rava
s__Brucella suis
s__Lactobacillus vaccinostercus
s__Streptomyces rochei
s__Halogeometricum borinquense
s__Anaerostipes hadrus
s__Xenorhabdus mauleonii
s__Helicobacter trogontum
s__Vibrio ezurae
s__Pseudomonas reinekei
s__Idiomarina donghaiensis
s__Dokdonia pacifica
s__Halolamina pelagica
s__Aneurinibacillus thermoaerophilus
s__Pseudomonas citronellolis
s__Myxococcus hansupus
s__Arthrobacter woluwensis
s__Ornithinibacillus halophilus
s__Vibrio jasicida
s__Mucilaginibacter pedocola
s__Lactobacillus hordei
s__Komagataeibacter europaeus
s__Tistlia consotensis
s__Thermovenabulum gondwanense
s__Dolosicoccus paucivorans
s__Yangia pacifica
s__Thermoflexus hugenholtzii
s__Lysinibacillus acetophenoni
s__Vibrio breoganii
s__Streptomyces barkulensis
s__Flavobacterium cauense
s__Clostridium tertium
s__Algoriphagus marinus
s__Natronoarchaeum philippinense
s__Saccharopolyspora shandongensis
s__Bifidobacterium subtile
s__Ochrobactrum intermedium
s__Pseudomonas coleopterorum
s__Helicobacter fennelliae
s__Planktothrix paucivesiculata
s__Acidibacillus ferrooxidans
s__Ventosimonas gracilis
s__Mycobacterium senegalense
s__Microbacterium luticocti
s__Eubacterium limosum
s__Salinicola salarius
s__Pararhizobium antarcticum
s__Tenacibaculum soleae
s__Enterobacter bugandensis
s__Vibrio tubiashii
s__Pelagibacterium halotolerans
s__Lactobacillus hominis
s__Leptolyngbya valderiana
s__Pseudoalteromonas nigrifaciens
s__Acetobacter cerevisiae
s__Streptomyces lavendulae
s__Streptomyces graminis
s__Streptococcus hyovaginalis
s__Desulfosporosinus lacus
s__Mycoplasma wenyonii
s__Paenibacillus macerans
s__Halomonas xinjiangensis
s__Flavobacterium hercynium
s__Streptomyces cellostaticus
s__Natronincola peptidivorans
s__Flavobacterium granuli
s__Burkholderia pyrrocinia
s__Actinopolyspora righensis
s__Bacillus anthracis
s__Flavobacterium daejeonense
s__Ectothiorhodosinus mongolicus
s__Parascardovia denticolens
s__Megasphaera elsdenii
s__Caballeronia telluris
s__Idiomarina zobellii
s__Streptomyces radiopugnans
s__Salinispora tropica
s__Streptomyces himastatinicus
s__Estrella lausannensis
s__Sphingomonas paucimobilis
s__Mesoaciditoga lauensis
s__Synechococcus lividus
s__Caballeronia choica
s__Cycloclasticus zancles
s__Mycobacterium liflandii
s__Demequina oxidasica
s__Rhodococcus tukisamuensis
s__Leucothrix mucor
s__Neisseria sicca
s__Fictibacillus macauensis
s__Winogradskyella psychrotolerans
s__Photobacterium toruni
s__Lysinibacillus manganicus
s__Bacillus oleronius
s__Weeksella massiliensis
s__Mycobacterium parafortuitum
s__Flavobacterium terrigena
s__Actinomyces graevenitzii
s__Methanoculleus chikugoensis
s__Neisseria macacae
s__Maribacter arcticus
s__Thermus thermophilus
s__Pseudomonas nitroreducens
s__Gordonia alkanivorans
s__Citrobacter youngae
s__Chlorobium limicola
s__Atopobacter phocae
s__Dyadobacter crusticola
s__Paenibacillus curdlanolyticus
s__Rhodococcus baikonurensis
s__Enterococcus plantarum
s__Archaeoglobus fulgidus
s__Clostridium homopropionicum
s__Halobacillus mangrovi
s__Lactobacillus rossiae
s__Borrelia persica
s__Litorilinea aerophila
s__Citreicella thiooxidans
s__Novosphingobium barchaimii
s__Paraprevotella clara
s__Geobacillus thermocatenulatus
s__Clostridium acetireducens
s__Parabacteroides timonensis
s__Erwinia typographi
s__Symbiobacterium thermophilum
s__Rahnella victoriana
s__Nitrobacter vulgaris
s__Shigella boydii
s__Luteimonas tolerans
s__Sulfurihydrogenibium subterraneum
s__Formosa haliotis
s__Teredinibacter turnerae
s__Leeuwenhoekiella palythoae
s__Carnimonas nigrificans
s__Pseudomonas panipatensis
s__Sulfurospirillum barnesii
s__Sagittula stellata
s__Mycobacterium sphagni
s__Rhodobacter vinaykumarii
s__Micromonospora zamorensis
s__Streptococcus porci
s__Gordonia araii
s__Alloprevotella tannerae
s__Desulfurobacterium thermolithotrophum
s__Ruminococcus faecis
s__Marinilactibacillus piezotolerans
s__Paenarthrobacter nitroguajacolicus
s__Acinetobacter ursingii
s__Alteribacillus bidgolensis
s__Gordonibacter pamelaeae
s__Stenotrophomonas acidaminiphila
s__Mycobacterium thermoresistibile
s__Alcanivorax hongdengensis
s__Rhizobium marinum
s__Herbidospora yilanensis
s__Hirschia maritima
s__Lactococcus raffinolactis
s__Aquimixticola soesokkakensis
s__Deinococcus maricopensis
s__Pseudorhodobacter wandonensis
s__Vagococcus penaei
s__Lysinibacillus massiliensis
s__Peptoniphilus obesi
s__Lactobacillus siliginis
s__Modestobacter caceresii
s__Pontibacter korlensis
s__Lactobacillus satsumensis
s__Lechevalieria xinjiangensis
s__Friedmanniella luteola
s__Halococcus thailandensis
s__Legionella fallonii
s__Eudoraea adriatica
s__Lactobacillus crustorum
s__Rhodovibrio salinarum
s__Methylotenera versatilis
s__Mycobacterium moriokaense
s__Mycobacterium africanum
s__Eubacterium ventriosum
s__Auricoccus indicus
s__Nocardia kruczakiae
s__Lactobacillus nodensis
s__Pseudomonas panacis
s__Desulfobulbus propionicus
s__Methanothermococcus thermolithotrophicus
s__Xuhuaishuia manganoxidans
s__Rodentibacter trehalosifermentans
s__Acetomicrobium hydrogeniformans
s__Streptomyces swartbergensis
s__Campylobacter jejuni
s__Streptococcus uberis
s__Bacteroides clarus
s__Palaeococcus pacificus
s__Legionella jordanis
s__Pseudomonas fulva
s__Actinomadura formosensis
s__Thermonema rossianum
s__Murdochiella vaginalis
s__Psychrilyobacter atlanticus
s__Sutterella parvirubra
s__Streptococcus ovis
s__Aurantimonas manganoxydans
s__Mycobacterium bohemicum
s__Demequina aurantiaca
s__Rhodanobacter thiooxydans
s__Acetobacterium woodii
s__Rhodococcus fascians
s__Lacticigenium naphtae
s__Paraburkholderia xenovorans
s__Thermodesulfobacterium commune
s__Caballeronia sordidicola
s__Halorubrum chaoviator
s__Mycetocola saprophilus
s__Rickettsia prowazekii
s__Azospirillum brasilense
s__Oceanobacillus damuensis
s__Mycobacterium microti
s__Pseudomonas amygdali
s__Macrococcus canis
s__Pseudoalteromonas aliena
s__Chlamydia abortus
s__Octadecabacter arcticus
s__Staphylococcus xylosus
s__Streptomyces nodosus
s__Enterococcus saccharolyticus
s__Persephonella hydrogeniphila
s__Paraburkholderia ginsengiterrae
s__Holospora obtusa
s__Spiroplasma litorale
s__Culturomica massiliensis
s__Nocardia amamiensis
s__Papillibacter cinnamivorans
s__Aquimarina spongiae
s__Mycobacterium diernhoferi
s__Cohnella kolymensis
s__Thermodesulfatator indicus
s__Paraglaciecola agarilytica
s__Streptococcus porcinus
s__Jonquetella anthropi
s__Devosia psychrophila
s__Bacillus galactosidilyticus
s__Halomonas desiderata
s__Kordiimonas lacus
s__Pontibacter chinhatensis
s__Paenibacillus tyrfis
s__Fusobacterium ulcerans
s__Gordonia westfalica
s__Nitrosomonas mobilis
s__Actinobacillus suis
s__Janibacter terrae
s__Butyricicoccus pullicaecorum
s__Pricia antarctica
s__Delftia acidovorans
s__Clostridium butyricum
s__Sphingobium hydrophobicum
s__Rhodococcus aetherivorans
s__Psychrobacter cibarius
s__Phormidium tenue
s__Paenibacillus antibioticophila
s__Desulfovibrio vulgaris
s__Nocardia exalbida
s__Spirosoma fluviale
s__Belliella pelovolcani
s__Rhodothermus marinus
s__Micromonospora echinospora
s__Paraburkholderia phytofirmans
s__Mycoplasma ovis
s__Leptolinea tardivitalis
s__Chryseobacterium gallinarum
s__Nocardia takedensis
s__Novosphingobium resinovorum
s__Corynebacterium glutamicum
s__Legionella feeleii
s__Nitritalea halalkaliphila
s__Paenibacillus crassostreae
s__Streptomyces kanamyceticus
s__Micromonospora peucetia
s__Staphylococcus stepanovicii
s__Natronorubrum texcoconense
s__Streptacidiphilus albus
s__Johnsonella ignava
s__Devosia insulae
s__Bordetella flabilis
s__Mesoplasma tabanidae
s__Roseivirga echinicomitans
s__Diaphorobacter polyhydroxybutyrativorans
s__Bellilinea caldifistulae
s__Herbidospora mongoliensis
s__Corallococcus coralloides
s__Bartonella schoenbuchensis
s__Enterococcus villorum
s__Lactobacillus hamsteri
s__Sphingobacterium cellulitidis
s__Ignavibacterium album
s__Crenothrix polyspora
s__Enterorhabdus mucosicola
s__Streptomyces gilvosporeus
s__Psychroserpens mesophilus
s__Flavobacterium caeni
s__Lentisphaera araneosa
s__Poseidonocella sedimentorum
s__Desulfurella acetivorans
s__Trichodesmium erythraeum
s__Salinibacter ruber
s__Bacteroides dorei
s__Caulobacter flavus
s__Staphylococcus lentus
s__Bacillus wakoensis
s__Streptococcus orisratti
s__Croceicoccus pelagius
s__Aquimarina megaterium
s__Microchaete diplosiphon
s__Lactobacillus pentosiphilus
s__Fimbriiglobus ruber
s__Methanoculleus marisnigri
s__Streptococcus dysgalactiae
s__Janibacter corallicola
s__Kingella oralis
s__Streptomyces indicus
s__Deinococcus grandis
s__Robinsoniella peoriensis
s__Methylobacterium extorquens
s__Chromobacterium violaceum
s__Pseudomonas marginalis
s__Aromatoleum aromaticum
s__Yersinia massiliensis
s__Sideroxydans lithotrophicus
s__Porphyrobacter donghaensis
s__Micromonospora inositola
s__Salinivirga cyanobacteriivorans
s__Thermoflexibacter ruber
s__Paraburkholderia sacchari
s__Methylobacterium aquaticum
s__Aequorivita vladivostokensis
s__Hydrogenobacter hydrogenophilus
s__Patulibacter americanus
s__Fructobacillus fructosus
s__Dermabacter vaginalis
s__Rickettsia japonica
s__Melissococcus plutonius
s__Legionella erythra
s__Marivita cryptomonadis
s__Nesiotobacter exalbescens
s__Fulvimarina pelagi
s__Streptomyces antibioticus
s__Microterricola viridarii
s__Sphingobium fuliginis
s__Marinomonas profundimaris
s__Chamaesiphon minutus
s__Porphyromonas macacae
s__Geosporobacter ferrireducens
s__Planococcus donghaensis
s__Corynebacterium riegelii
s__Dactylosporangium aurantiacum
s__Amycolatopsis benzoatilytica
s__Weissella jogaejeotgali
s__Clostridium sulfidigenes
s__Halogranum salarium
s__Legionella londiniensis
s__Diaphorobacter nitroreducens
s__Roseomonas mucosa
s__Psychroflexus sediminis
s__Micromonospora nigra
s__Roseivivax marinus
s__Alkalibacter saccharofermentans
s__Mycobacterium neworleansense
s__Dyadobacter fermentans
s__Cellulosimicrobium cellulans
s__Kosakonia oryzae
s__Streptomyces afghaniensis
s__Herbaspirillum chlorophenolicum
s__Mycoplasma mobile
s__Kingella denitrificans
s__Photobacterium kishitanii
s__Bacillus methanolicus
s__Oceanobacillus kimchii
s__Mesorhizobium huakuii
s__Dyella japonica
s__Acinetobacter lwoffii
s__Fusicatenibacter saccharivorans
s__Rhizobium altiplani
s__Acinetobacter populi
s__Corynebacterium coyleae
s__Mycobacterium koreense
s__Colwellia psychrerythraea
s__Streptomyces albireticuli
s__Clostridium uliginosum
s__Nitrosospira lacus
s__Mycobacterium mantenii
s__Chlorobaculum tepidum
s__Mycobacterium dioxanotrophicus
s__Pisciglobus halotolerans
s__Halomonas subterranea
s__Bacillus loiseleuriae
s__Jannaschia donghaensis
s__Rahnella aquatilis
s__Mycobacterium engbaekii
s__Anaerobiospirillum succiniciproducens
s__Anoxybacillus pushchinoensis
s__Lactobacillus rennini
s__Streptomyces violaceus
s__Solirubrum puertoriconensis
s__Provencibacterium massiliense
s__Lactobacillus kalixensis
s__Magnetovibrio blakemorei
s__Sunxiuqinia elliptica
s__Ensifer adhaerens
s__Fischerella major
s__Serinicoccus marinus
s__Mycobacterium immunogenum
s__Enhygromyxa salina
s__Defluviitalea phaphyphila
s__Halomonas ventosae
s__Rheinheimera tuosuensis
s__Lactobacillus florum
s__Micromonospora eburnea
s__Acinetobacter gerneri
s__Marinilabilia salmonicolor
s__Mycobacterium vaccae
s__Streptomyces sclerotialus
s__Tsukamurella pulmonis
s__Roseovarius pacificus
s__Thermocrinis albus
s__Mycobacterium lentiflavum
s__Shewanella algae
s__Cronobacter dublinensis
s__Bacillus aquimaris
s__Streptomyces roseochromogenus
s__Corynebacterium pollutisoli
s__Bacillus camelliae
s__Litoreibacter ascidiaceicola
s__Herpetosiphon geysericola
s__Borreliella chilensis
s__Methyloversatilis discipulorum
s__Virgibacillus proomii
s__Devosia riboflavina
s__Palleronia marisminoris
s__Mycobacterium duvalii
s__Aureimonas altamirensis
s__Halostagnicola larsenii
s__Arenimonas donghaensis
s__Actinomyces radicidentis
s__Ehrlichia canis
s__Desulfovibrio alaskensis
s__Smaragdicoccus niigatensis
s__Pediococcus argentinicus
s__Geopsychrobacter electrodiphilus
s__Flavobacterium psychrophilum
s__Pyrobaculum oguniense
s__Anaerovibrio lipolyticus
s__Mitsuokella multacida
s__Lactobacillus amylovorus
s__Nocardia crassostreae
s__Sandaracinus amylolyticus
s__Arsukibacterium ikkense
s__Enterococcus faecalis
s__Aquimarina aggregata
s__Nostoc piscinale
s__Microcystis aeruginosa
s__Helicobacter muridarum
s__Thioalkalivibrio sulfidiphilus
s__Streptomyces regensis
s__Methanosaeta harundinacea
s__Kocuria salsicia
s__Nocardia altamirensis
s__Chryseobacterium taklimakanense
s__Chrysiogenes arsenatis
s__Mycoplasma bovoculi
s__Salegentibacter echinorum
s__Staphylococcus succinus
s__Arcticibacter eurypsychrophilus
s__Mycobacterium heraklionense
s__Rickettsia monacensis
s__Cohnella thermotolerans
s__Gramella forsetii
s__Streptomyces roseus
s__Campylobacter subantarcticus
s__Corynebacterium ureicelerivorans
s__Mycobacterium saopaulense
s__Microbacterium agarici
s__Pseudoruegeria marinistellae
s__Rhodovulum sulfidophilum
s__Actinomyces meyeri
s__Pseudomonas extremorientalis
s__Rhodospira trueperi
s__Hymenobacter terrenus
s__Hartmannibacter diazotrophicus
s__Leisingera caerulea
s__Anoxybacillus amylolyticus
s__Thioploca ingrica
s__Kordia algicida
s__Paenibacillus elgii
s__Monashia flava
s__Helcobacillus massiliensis
s__Thermophagus xiamenensis
s__Desulfotomaculum acetoxidans
s__Mycobacterium celatum
s__Blattabacterium cuenoti
s__Bacteroides acidifaciens
s__Komagataeibacter medellinensis
s__Allofrancisella guangzhouensis
s__Endozoicomonas arenosclerae
s__Nitrobacter winogradskyi
s__Idiomarina maritima
s__Cohaesibacter gelatinilyticus
s__Bacteroides salanitronis
s__Moorella thermoacetica
s__Saccharomonospora saliphila
s__Enterococcus casseliflavus
s__Halomonas xianhensis
s__Bacterioplanes sanyensis
s__Citrobacter rodentium
s__Catalinimonas alkaloidigena
s__Yersinia pestis
s__Pseudomonas chengduensis
s__Stenotrophomonas chelatiphaga
s__Terribacillus saccharophilus
s__Sulfolobus tokodaii
s__Mycobacterium paraffinicum
s__Archaeoglobus veneficus
s__Pedobacter lusitanus
s__Sinorhizobium americanum
s__Echinicola vietnamensis
s__Coriobacterium glomerans
s__Treponema azotonutricium
s__Rhodoblastus acidophilus
s__Streptomyces prasinopilosus
s__Caloramator australicus
s__Niastella yeongjuensis
s__Fulvimarina manganoxydans
s__Streptomyces griseoluteus
s__Methanobrevibacter ruminantium
s__Nocardioides terrae
s__Nitrospirillum amazonense
s__Clostridioides difficile
s__Psychrobacillus psychrotolerans
s__Desulfurispirillum indicum
s__Lactobacillus futsaii
s__Dubosiella newyorkensis
s__Lactobacillus kefiranofaciens
s__Methanosarcina barkeri
s__Caldicellulosiruptor bescii
s__Xanthomonas euvesicatoria
s__Rhodonellum ikkaensis
s__Francisella hispaniensis
s__Rothia aeria
s__Syntrophus gentianae
s__Afipia felis
s__Bacillus marmarensis
s__Streptomyces reticuli
s__Mycoplasma pulmonis
s__Herpetosiphon aurantiacus
s__Chryseobacterium taihuense
s__Clostridium haemolyticum
s__Williamsia marianensis
s__Roseovarius mucosus
s__Caminicella sporogenes
s__Prevotella bivia
s__Nocardia uniformis
s__Labilibaculum filiforme
s__Streptomyces microflavus
s__Thermodesulfovibrio aggregans
s__Olsenella umbonata
s__Fictibacillus arsenicus
s__Novosphingobium acidiphilum
s__Aquamicrobium aerolatum
s__Blautia massiliensis
s__Paenibacillus sonchi
s__Butyricimonas virosa
s__Caldimonas taiwanensis
s__Sphingomonas pruni
s__Zooshikella ganghwensis
s__Methylobacter whittenburyi
s__Draconibacterium sediminis
s__Solibacillus silvestris
s__Pseudomonas japonica
s__Pantoea eucrina
s__Lactobacillus oryzae
s__Cryptosporangium arvum
s__Lactobacillus psittaci
s__Ampullariella violaceochromogenes
s__Acetivibrio ethanolgignens
s__Lysinimicrobium flavum
s__Methanolobus profundi
s__Rhizobium subbaraonis
s__Amphibacillus sediminis
s__Acinetobacter oleivorans
s__Pseudomonas resinovorans
s__Shewanella fidelis
s__Halarchaeum acidiphilum
s__Inediibacterium massiliense
s__Azoarcus olearius
s__Streptomyces vietnamensis
s__Ignicoccus hospitalis
s__Agromyces subbeticus
s__Effusibacillus lacus
s__Cellulomonas hominis
s__Streptomyces guanduensis
s__Neptunomonas japonica
s__Streptococcus marimammalium
s__Thermosipho africanus
s__Methylocapsa acidiphila
s__Limnothrix rosea
s__Psychroserpens jangbogonensis
s__Centipeda periodontii
s__Nonomuraea maritima
s__Frankia discariae
s__Aeromonas finlandiensis
s__Edwardsiella ictaluri
s__Lactobacillus mellifer
s__Micromonospora krabiensis
s__Ezakiella massiliensis
s__Acidovorax oryzae
s__Asanoa ferruginea
s__Halobiforma lacisalsi
s__Photobacterium aquae
s__Bacillus tuaregi
s__Pontibacter ummariensis
s__Piscibacillus halophilus
s__Chryseobacterium shigense
s__Marichromatium purpuratum
s__Hymenobacter psychrophilus
s__Celeribacter halophilus
s__Kitasatospora purpeofusca
s__Mastigocoleus testarum
s__Thiomicrospira aerophila
s__Colwellia echini
s__Rhodococcus yunnanensis
s__Paracoccus contaminans
s__Bacillus mannanilyticus
s__Bacillus massiliogorillae
s__Sellimonas intestinalis
s__Colwellia sediminilitoris
s__Desulfotomaculum thermocisternum
s__Colwellia mytili
s__Actinopolyspora xinjiangensis
s__Tenacibaculum agarivorans
s__Endozoicomonas numazuensis
s__Caulobacter mirabilis
s__Methylosinus trichosporium
s__Gordonia neofelifaecis
s__Bacteroides coprophilus
s__Nocardia testacea
s__Labrenzia aggregata
s__Capnocytophaga sputigena
s__Diaminobutyricimonas aerilata
s__Pseudomonas sagittaria
s__Novosphingobium kunmingense
s__Acinetobacter baumannii
s__Legionella saoudiensis
s__Mycoplasma gallisepticum
s__Photobacterium swingsii
s__Caldilinea aerophila
s__Paraburkholderia caribensis
s__Microbacterium gorillae
s__Ornatilinea apprima
s__Halomonas daqiaonensis
s__Kocuria indica
s__Amycolatopsis taiwanensis
s__Photobacterium phosphoreum
s__Nitrosococcus oceani
s__Oerskovia turbata
s__Prevotella marshii
s__Amycolatopsis marina
s__Nocardia nova
s__Novosphingobium aromaticivorans
s__Cronobacter condimenti
s__Leuconostoc garlicum
s__Nitrosomonas ureae
s__Erwinia persicina
s__Hippea maritima
s__Oenococcus oeni
s__Urinacoccus massiliensis
s__Bacillus gibsonii
s__Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
s__Mycobacterium nebraskense
s__Luteitalea pratensis
s__Thermus arciformis
s__Bacillus massilioanorexius
s__Thioalkalivibrio versutus
s__Microbulbifer yueqingensis
s__Exiguobacterium oxidotolerans
s__Enterococcus pernyi
s__Methanocaldococcus fervens
s__Lactococcus petauri
s__Micromonospora yangpuensis
s__Pseudoalteromonas citrea
s__Syntrophorhabdus aromaticivorans
s__Aerococcus urinaeequi
s__Patulibacter medicamentivorans
s__Cellulophaga baltica
s__Zhouia amylolytica
s__Hyphomonas atlantica
s__Bhargavaea ginsengi
s__Oceanobacillus picturae
s__Fontibacillus panacisegetis
s__Nevskia ramosa
s__Streptomyces globisporus
s__Porphyromonas gingivicanis
s__Defluviimonas alba
s__Psychroserpens damuponensis
s__Aurantimonas coralicida
s__Pedobacter heparinus
s__Photobacterium gaetbulicola
s__Ruegeria mobilis
s__Moritella viscosa
s__Actinomadura chibensis
s__Sinorhizobium arboris
s__Cupriavidus nantongensis
s__Acidiphilium angustum
s__Thalassobius gelatinovorus
s__Listeria rocourtiae
s__Thauera linaloolentis
s__Kitasatospora mediocidica
s__Gulbenkiania mobilis
s__Tetrasphaera duodecadis
s__Chthoniobacter flavus
s__Oceanisphaera psychrotolerans
s__Nocardioides dokdonensis
s__Haloferax elongans
s__Streptomyces novaecaesareae
s__Rhodanobacter denitrificans
s__Bacillus litoralis
s__Leptospira terpstrae
s__Bartonella tribocorum
s__Thermodesulfobium narugense
s__Sphingobium abikonense
s__Kosakonia cowanii
s__Acidovorax caeni
s__Capnocytophaga gingivalis
s__Methanobrevibacter oralis
s__Halorubrum trapanicum
s__Chryseobacterium joostei
s__Desulfatiglans anilini
s__Acidovorax radicis
s__Corynebacterium timonense
s__Halomonas halocynthiae
s__Thermodesulforhabdus norvegica
s__Propionibacterium acidifaciens
s__Shimia haliotis
s__Mycoplasma primatum
s__Fenollaria timonensis
s__Amphiplicatus metriothermophilus
s__Thermincola ferriacetica
s__Chryseobacterium takakiae
s__Pseudoruegeria sabulilitoris
s__Roseobacter denitrificans
s__Eggerthia catenaformis
s__Erysipelothrix larvae
s__Methanohalobium evestigatum
s__Thermogutta terrifontis
s__Mycobacterium mageritense
s__Desulfobacula phenolica
s__Serratia symbiotica
s__Gabonia massiliensis
s__Halorubrum arcis
s__Lutimaribacter saemankumensis
s__Salinivibrio socompensis
s__Weissella minor
s__Gordonia jacobaea
s__Prosthecomicrobium hirschii
s__Desulfovibrio inopinatus
s__Cutibacterium avidum
s__Mycoplasma fermentans
s__Methanococcoides burtonii
s__Halomicronema hongdechloris
s__Thiothrix disciformis
s__Parvularcula oceani
s__Mesorhizobium australicum
s__Flavobacterium filum
s__Geodermatophilus amargosae
s__Streptomyces exfoliatus
s__Caballeronia calidae
s__Xanthomonas campestris
s__Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes
s__Pedobacter suwonensis
s__Balneola vulgaris
s__Leptospira santarosai
s__Ensifer alkalisoli
s__Gordonibacter urolithinfaciens
s__Variovorax boronicumulans
s__Marmoricola scoriae
s__Methanobrevibacter wolinii
s__Arcticibacter svalbardensis
s__Bradyrhizobium tropiciagri
s__Salinimonas chungwhensis
s__Paracoccus homiensis
s__Tranquillimonas alkanivorans
s__Clostridium autoethanogenum
s__Ignisphaera aggregans
s__Christensenella minuta
s__Moraxella macacae
s__Photorhabdus temperata
s__Bacillus patagoniensis
s__Flavisolibacter ginsengisoli
s__Rhodococcus hoagii
s__Staphylococcus condimenti
s__Porphyromonas gingivalis
s__Lysinibacillus boronitolerans
s__Meiothermus cerbereus
s__Streptomyces violens
s__Marivirga sericea
s__Arthrobacter nitrophenolicus
s__Achromobacter ruhlandii
s__Nonomuraea indica
s__Wolinella succinogenes
s__Pantoea allii
s__Romboutsia lituseburensis
s__Weissella viridescens
s__Corynebacterium kroppenstedtii
s__Streptococcus pasteurianus
s__Ichthyobacterium seriolicida
s__Litoreibacter arenae
s__Paenibacillus selenitireducens
s__Cronobacter turicensis
s__Solimonas soli
s__Helicobacter jaachi
s__Actinoalloteichus cyanogriseus
s__Enterococcus gallinarum
s__Holdemania massiliensis
s__Meiothermus taiwanensis
s__Colwellia marinimaniae
s__Lactobacillus farciminis
s__Clostridium magnum
s__Pseudomonas alcaligenes
s__Selenihalanaerobacter shriftii
s__Geoglobus ahangari
s__Dechloromonas agitata
s__Methylobacterium phyllosphaerae
s__Henriciella aquimarina
s__Pseudomonas fluvialis
s__Gordonia shandongensis
s__Aggregatibacter segnis
s__Ancylobacter rudongensis
s__Anaerococcus prevotii
s__Pseudomonas ficuserectae
s__Bacillus onubensis
s__Nocardia salmonicida
s__Methylosarcina fibrata
s__Paraburkholderia caballeronis
s__Brevundimonas abyssalis
s__Longilinea arvoryzae
s__Devosia enhydra
s__Tolypothrix tenuis
s__Halanaerobium congolense
s__Caedibacter taeniospiralis
s__Actinoplanes rectilineatus
s__Methylomonas denitrificans
s__Phaeospirillum fulvum
s__Variibacter gotjawalensis
s__Lactobacillus namurensis
s__Gordonia lacunae
s__Pseudomonas flavescens
s__Chryseobacterium palustre
s__Devosia geojensis
s__Streptomyces milbemycinicus
s__Natronomonas pharaonis
s__Desulfotomaculum alkaliphilum
s__Marinobacter salexigens
s__Serratia oryzae
s__Mycobacterium hiberniae
s__Dolosigranulum pigrum
s__Hymenobacter sedentarius
s__Vibrio madracius
s__Anaerococcus rubeinfantis
s__Neptunomonas qingdaonensis
s__Pyrodictium delaneyi
s__Roseiflexus castenholzii
s__Fructobacillus durionis
s__Mycoplasma arginini
s__Xenorhabdus cabanillasii
s__Massilia namucuonensis
s__Staphylococcus auricularis
s__Streptomyces zinciresistens
s__Xanthomonas fragariae
s__Microtetraspora malaysiensis
s__Asaccharospora irregularis
s__Afipia clevelandensis
s__Enterococcus moraviensis
s__Isobaculum melis
s__Nitrosococcus halophilus
s__Tenacibaculum jejuense
s__Roseomonas stagni
s__Bacillus massilionigeriensis
s__Komagataeibacter xylinus
s__Mycoplasma hyorhinis
s__Mesorhizobium muleiense
s__Acidovorax wautersii
s__Streptococcus agalactiae
s__Nocardia araoensis
s__Aeromicrobium marinum
s__Desulfotomaculum putei
s__Micromonospora pattaloongensis
s__Aeropyrum pernix
s__Pectobacterium betavasculorum
s__Streptococcus sobrinus
s__Aquimarina agarilytica
s__Acetomicrobium flavidum
s__Rhodococcus gordoniae
s__Desulfobacula toluolica
s__Carnobacterium jeotgali
s__Intestinimonas massiliensis
s__Chromohalobacter canadensis
s__Mycobacterium mungi
s__Fusobacterium varium
s__Streptomyces tricolor
s__Asanoa ishikariensis
s__Rhizobium etli
s__Actinomadura kijaniata
s__Mycobacterium vulneris
s__Tenacibaculum maritimum
s__Chitinimonas taiwanensis
s__Edaphobacter aggregans
s__Alcanivorax nanhaiticus
s__Nitratireductor basaltis
s__Yersinia frederiksenii
s__Rubrobacter radiotolerans
s__Cellulomonas chitinilytica
s__Geobacillus jurassicus
s__Oscillatoria acuminata
s__Ethanoligenens harbinense
s__Shewanella oneidensis
s__Arthrobacter subterraneus
s__Caldibacillus debilis
s__Neisseria zoodegmatis
s__Acidaminobacter hydrogenoformans
s__Bacillus andreraoultii
s__Hyphomonas hirschiana
s__Geoglobus acetivorans
s__Streptomyces toyocaensis
s__Bradyrhizobium retamae
s__Tropicimonas isoalkanivorans
s__Methyloligella halotolerans
s__Planobispora rosea
s__Thiocapsa marina
s__Lactobacillus saerimneri
s__Cobetia crustatorum
s__Bacteroides massiliensis
s__Campylobacter fetus
s__Mariprofundus ferrooxydans
s__Actinomyces glycerinitolerans
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis
s__Bacillus clausii
s__Rummeliibacillus stabekisii
s__Providencia rettgeri
s__Fabibacter pacificus
s__Beutenbergia cavernae
s__Agrobacterium fabrum
s__Weissella halotolerans
s__Mycobacterium chimaera
s__Edaphobacillus lindanitolerans
s__Spirosoma luteum
s__Pedobacter nyackensis
s__Pasteurella bettyae
s__Lactobacillus aquaticus
s__Pajaroellobacter abortibovis
s__Streptococcus criceti
s__Pseudonocardia oroxyli
s__Streptomyces fulvissimus
s__Desulfoluna spongiiphila
s__Reinekea forsetii
s__Vibrio tasmaniensis
s__Streptomyces pristinaespiralis
s__Planctomicrobium piriforme
s__Peptoclostridium acidaminophilum
s__Methanocaldococcus bathoardescens
s__Acinetobacter tandoii
s__Pyrodictium occultum
s__Pseudonocardia alni
s__Jiangella gansuensis
s__Clavibacter tessellarius
s__Desulfonatronospira thiodismutans
s__Haloglycomyces albus
s__Actinomyces pacaensis
s__Alteromonas stellipolaris
s__Algoriphagus mannitolivorans
s__Lactobacillus curieae
s__Haemophilus pittmaniae
s__Rhizobium nepotum
s__Kurthia massiliensis
s__Flavobacterium noncentrifugens
s__Corynebacterium freiburgense
s__Aeromonas aquatica
s__Pseudomonas endophytica
s__Rhodococcus erythropolis
s__Oribacterium asaccharolyticum
s__Pseudovibrio hongkongensis
s__Anoxybacillus flavithermus
s__Mycobacterium komanii
s__Lactobacillus coleohominis
s__Bradyrhizobium lupini
s__Solimonas flava
s__Thalassomonas actiniarum
s__Deinococcus pimensis
s__Mycoplasma bovis
s__Pseudomonas lutea
s__Dokdonia donghaensis
s__Olsenella urininfantis
s__Runella slithyformis
s__Thauera phenylacetica
s__Pseudoalteromonas issachenkonii
s__Xanthomonas phaseoli
s__Domibacillus mangrovi
s__Streptomyces caatingaensis
s__Mogibacterium pumilum
s__Pseudomonas caeni
s__Sulfurospirillum arsenophilum
s__Lysobacter capsici
s__Deinococcus swuensis
s__Sphingopyxis flava
s__Loktanella marina
s__Nitrosomonas communis
s__Sphingobium ummariense
s__Thermanaeromonas toyohensis
s__Roseomonas cervicalis
s__Lentibacillus halodurans
s__Gilliamella intestini
s__Acidobacterium ailaaui
s__Bordetella avium
s__Comamonas terrigena
s__Alteromonas mediterranea
s__Brachybacterium squillarum
s__Metallosphaera sedula
s__Listeria monocytogenes
s__Chlorobium phaeobacteroides
s__Acinetobacter bereziniae
s__Algoriphagus zhangzhouensis
s__Aequorivita capsosiphonis
s__Janibacter hoylei
s__Haloterrigena limicola
s__Sphaerochaeta globosa
s__Knoellia sinensis
s__Vulcanisaeta souniana
s__Thermomonas fusca
s__Actinomyces slackii
s__Lactobacillus senioris
s__Methanococcus maripaludis
s__Streptomyces baarnensis
s__Acinetobacter kyonggiensis
s__Rickettsia amblyommatis
s__Sneathia sanguinegens
s__Methanobacterium veterum
s__Sulfitobacter noctilucicola
s__Thermoanaerobacter brockii
s__Fructobacillus ficulneus
s__Lactobacillus hilgardii
s__Streptomyces coelicolor
s__Halomonas pantelleriensis
s__Nocardia pseudobrasiliensis
s__Stappia indica
s__Saccharopolyspora rectivirgula
s__Thauera propionica
s__Methanoregula formicica
s__Streptomyces jeddahensis
s__Bacillus boroniphilus
s__Bifidobacterium coryneforme
s__Pseudomonas hussainii
s__Psychroflexus halocasei
s__Intestinibacillus massiliensis
s__Liberibacter crescens
s__Roseateles depolymerans
s__Chryseobacterium tenax
s__Bartonella queenslandensis
s__Mycoplasma cloacale
s__Caldicellulosiruptor acetigenus
s__Mariniradius saccharolyticus
s__Actinomyces urinae
s__Tolumonas auensis
s__Janibacter indicus
s__Lentzea waywayandensis
s__Vibrio orientalis
s__Mycobacterium salmoniphilum
s__Mycobacterium hassiacum
s__Fermentimonas caenicola
s__Cedecea neteri
s__Caldithrix abyssi
s__Mesoplasma coleopterae
s__Opitutus terrae
s__Lactobacillus nantensis
s__Mobilibacterium timonense
s__Hyphomonas johnsonii
s__Acinetobacter parvus
s__Cephaloticoccus primus
s__Clostridium merdae
s__Anoxybacillus gonensis
s__Oscillibacter valericigenes
s__Providencia alcalifaciens
s__Pelobacter seleniigenes
s__Collimonas pratensis
s__Metallosphaera hakonensis
s__Corynebacterium oculi
s__Microvirga flocculans
s__Rhodococcus coprophilus
s__Spiroplasma turonicum
s__Propionivibrio dicarboxylicus
s__Streptomyces chrestomyceticus
s__Rickettsia africae
s__Streptomyces thermolilacinus
s__Thermococcus zilligii
s__Streptomyces alboviridis
s__Anaerosphaera aminiphila
s__Citreicella marina
s__Thalassospira xiamenensis
s__Humibacter albus
s__Sulfolobus islandicus
s__Halodesulfovibrio spirochaetisodalis
s__Massilia alkalitolerans
s__Pseudoxanthomonas wuyuanensis
s__Erwinia toletana
s__Vibrio celticus
s__Alistipes onderdonkii
s__Dethiosulfovibrio peptidovorans
s__Sodalis glossinidius
s__Geosporobacter subterraneus
s__Curtobacterium ammoniigenes
s__Lactobacillus sunkii
s__Actinomyces nasicola
s__Paraglaciecola polaris
s__Chlamydia muridarum
s__Streptomyces misionensis
s__Glaciecola pallidula
s__Mycoplasma orale
s__Paenibacillus popilliae
s__Desulfamplus magnetovallimortis
s__Arcobacter nitrofigilis
s__Porticoccus hydrocarbonoclasticus
s__Thalassospira australica
s__Corynebacterium matruchotii
s__Chryseobacterium gleum
s__Natranaerobius trueperi
s__Streptosporangium canum
s__Mesorhizobium opportunistum
s__Streptacidiphilus jeojiense
s__Enorma massiliensis
s__Pseudomonas fuscovaginae
s__Anaeroarcus burkinensis
s__Halomonas alkaliantarctica
s__Pseudomonas floridensis
s__Borreliella bavariensis
s__Nocardia arthritidis
s__Desulfuromonas thiophila
s__Pseudonocardia dioxanivorans
s__Knoellia subterranea
s__Pseudomonas prosekii
s__Myxococcus stipitatus
s__Corynebacterium glyciniphilum
s__Geobacter soli
s__Psychrobacter cryohalolentis
s__Mycobacterium gordonae
s__Citrobacter farmeri
s__Luteococcus japonicus
s__Lactobacillus fuchuensis
s__Altererythrobacter troitsensis
s__Lactobacillus rapi
s__Halomonas subglaciescola
s__Lutibacter oricola
s__Numidum massiliense
s__Paenarthrobacter aurescens
s__Richelia intracellularis
s__Photobacterium angustum
s__Marispirochaeta aestuarii
s__Amycolatopsis nigrescens
s__Leptotrichia shahii
s__Gloeomargarita lithophora
s__Streptomyces alboflavus
s__Rhodococcus qingshengii
s__Roseibacterium elongatum
s__Leptospira vanthielii
s__Labilibacter aurantiacus
s__Pseudomonas koreensis
s__Streptomyces decoyicus
s__Chryseobacterium geocarposphaerae
s__Mycoplasma conjunctivae
s__Dehalobacter restrictus
s__Amphritea atlantica
s__Facklamia ignava
s__Hyperthermus butylicus
s__Prevotella ihumii
s__Actinomyces europaeus
s__Salinispora pacifica
s__Defluviimonas indica
s__Flavobacterium fryxellicola
s__Chryseobacterium contaminans
s__Pacificimonas flava
s__Gordonia namibiensis
s__Cryptosporangium aurantiacum
s__Paraburkholderia hospita
s__Lactobacillus ceti
s__Streptococcus anginosus
s__Vagococcus lutrae
s__Sulfuricella denitrificans
s__Compostimonas suwonensis
s__Streptomyces aureocirculatus
s__Leptotrichia goodfellowii
s__Brenneria goodwinii
s__Corynebacterium phocae
s__Mycobacterium holsaticum
s__Acidipropionibacterium thoenii
s__Trabulsiella guamensis
s__Vibrio toranzoniae
s__Paenibacillus larvae
s__Pseudoruegeria aquimaris
s__Sinorhizobium meliloti
s__Dysgonomonas mossii
s__Peptoniphilus senegalensis
s__Prevotella stercorea
s__Streptomyces lincolnensis
s__Hassallia byssoidea
s__Methanobrevibacter smithii
s__Methanocaldococcus vulcanius
s__Sphaerimonospora mesophila
s__Peptoniphilus timonensis
s__Bacillus xiamenensis
s__Allobaculum stercoricanis
s__Streptomyces avellaneus
s__Ferrimonas kyonanensis
s__Marinobacter salinus
s__Pandoraea norimbergensis
s__Chitinilyticum aquatile
s__Cupriavidus necator
s__Hahella ganghwensis
s__Lactobacillus senmaizukei
s__Cupriavidus alkaliphilus
s__Bacillus altitudinis
s__Halorientalis persicus
s__Pseudomonas donghuensis
s__Exiguobacterium marinum
s__Streptomyces clavuligerus
s__Streptomyces jietaisiensis
s__Corynebacterium tuscaniense
s__Neofamilia massiliensis
s__Desulfobacca acetoxidans
s__Methanocella paludicola
s__Microbacterium enclense
s__Acinetobacter lactucae
s__Natrinema versiforme
s__Legionella fairfieldensis
s__Lactobacillus kitasatonis
s__Maritalea myrionectae
s__Mycobacterium septicum
s__Dyadobacter beijingensis
s__Frischella perrara
s__Thermosipho melanesiensis
s__Pseudoduganella violaceinigra
s__Actinomyces liubingyangii
s__Lutibacter maritimus
s__Arthrobacter crystallopoietes
s__Agrobacterium larrymoorei
s__Cobetia marina
s__Shewanella decolorationis
s__Flavobacterium saliperosum
s__Mycoplasma alvi
s__Cohaesibacter marisflavi
s__Bordetella ansorpii
s__Shuttleworthia satelles
s__Bosea vaviloviae
s__Brucella microti
s__Caloramator proteoclasticus
s__Dehalogenimonas formicexedens
s__Clostridium tetanomorphum
s__Methyloterricola oryzae
s__Halocynthiibacter arcticus
s__Streptomyces gilvigriseus
s__Streptococcus varani
s__Mycobacterium sherrisii
s__Methylomarinum vadi
s__Desulfotomaculum profundi
s__Cellulomonas terrae
s__Listeria welshimeri
s__Paenibacillus xylanexedens
s__Granulicella rosea
s__Elusimicrobium minutum
s__Amycolatopsis thailandensis
s__Stenotrophomonas ginsengisoli
s__Lysobacter defluvii
s__Mycobacterium rufum
s__Eggerthella lenta
s__Pelomonas puraquae
s__Colwellia aestuarii
s__Peptoanaerobacter stomatis
s__Lactobacillus mali
s__Demequina salsinemoris
s__Desulfurella amilsii
s__Acidaminococcus massiliensis
s__Agrococcus jejuensis
s__Hoeflea halophila
s__Corynebacterium frankenforstense
s__Lactobacillus silagincola
s__Pseudomonas kuykendallii
s__Halomonas campaniensis
s__Caldicellulosiruptor hydrothermalis
s__Dakarella massiliensis
s__Clostridium formicaceticum
s__Pyrococcus horikoshii
s__Vibrio hepatarius
s__Thermincola potens
s__Bavariicoccus seileri
s__Legionella rubrilucens
s__Picrophilus oshimae
s__Curtobacterium oceanosedimentum
s__Catelliglobosispora koreensis
s__Desulfuromonas acetoxidans
s__Mycoplasma alligatoris
s__Isosphaera pallida
s__Clostridium akagii
s__Mycobacterium kubicae
s__Paenibacillus physcomitrellae
s__Burkholderia cenocepacia
s__Rhizobium anhuiense
s__Komagataeibacter rhaeticus
s__Pseudomonas rhodesiae
s__Lactobacillus antri
s__Arcanobacterium phocae
s__Bacteroides oleiciplenus
s__Rhizobium giardinii
s__Flavobacterium glycines
s__Bacillus halosaccharovorans
s__Tersicoccus phoenicis
s__Thermanaerovibrio velox
s__Domibacillus indicus
s__Celeribacter marinus
s__Streptomyces anulatus
s__Geobacillus subterraneus
s__Corynebacterium kefirresidentii
s__Methanothermus fervidus
s__Microbacterium chocolatum
s__Sphaerobacter thermophilus
s__Brucella abortus
s__Sulfitobacter guttiformis
s__Streptococcus urinalis
s__Acidomonas methanolica
s__Actinophytocola xinjiangensis
s__Pedobacter himalayensis
s__Halobacteroides halobius
s__Vagococcus martis
s__Pseudomonas sihuiensis
s__Mycoplasma suis
s__Bordetella parapertussis
s__Anaerococcus provencensis
s__Micromonospora tulbaghiae
s__Alicyclobacillus acidocaldarius
s__Pseudomonas anguilliseptica
s__Lutibaculum baratangense
s__Yersinia ruckeri
s__Traorella massiliensis
s__Desulfonauticus submarinus
s__Halolactibacillus miurensis
s__Eggerthella timonensis
s__Desulfovibrio zosterae
s__Gracilibacillus ureilyticus
s__Pleomorphomonas koreensis
s__Flavobacterium sinopsychrotolerans
s__Alteromonas australica
s__Lutibacter flavus
s__Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense
s__Gemmobacter aquatilis
s__Rhodospirillum centenum
s__Salinispira pacifica
s__Microlunatus phosphovorus
s__Vibrio mediterranei
s__Mycobacterium arosiense
s__Sphingobium xenophagum
s__Herbiconiux ginsengi
s__Proteus mirabilis
s__Streptomyces minutiscleroticus
s__Methanomicrobium mobile
s__Actinokineospora inagensis
s__Hyphomonas polymorpha
s__Rhodococcus triatomae
s__Mucilaginibacter gossypiicola
s__Chondromyces crocatus
s__Marinitoga hydrogenitolerans
s__Bacillus subterraneus
s__Methanocaldococcus infernus
s__Belnapia rosea
s__Paraburkholderia heleia
s__Catenovulum agarivorans
s__Natronohydrobacter thiooxidans
s__Hymenobacter actinosclerus
s__Gilliamella bombicola
s__Brevundimonas denitrificans
s__Methylobacter tundripaludum
s__Sediminibacillus massiliensis
s__Thermobifida cellulosilytica
s__Thermococcus paralvinellae
s__Alteromonas lipolytica
s__Kineosporia rhamnosa
s__Romboutsia weinsteinii
s__Phoenicibacter massiliensis
s__Ochrobactrum rhizosphaerae
s__Corynebacterium afermentans
s__Streptomyces katrae
s__Gallaecimonas pentaromativorans
s__Prevotella dentalis
s__Vaginella massiliensis
s__Lactococcus piscium
s__Tetrasphaera jenkinsii
s__Marinobacter salarius
s__Desulfomicrobium apsheronum
s__Arthrobacter cupressi
s__Yuhushiella deserti
s__Intrasporangium chromatireducens
s__Williamsia herbipolensis
s__Mycobacterium pyrenivorans
s__Bacillus licheniformis
s__Aggregatibacter aphrophilus
s__Terrimonas ferruginea
s__Trichococcus ilyis
s__Bacteroides timonensis
s__Pantoea anthophila
s__Cellvibrio japonicus
s__Methylobacterium phyllostachyos
s__Fluoribacter gormanii
s__Cardiobacterium hominis
s__Cronobacter malonaticus
s__Sediminibacterium ginsengisoli
s__Mycobacterium marinum
s__Rhodococcus marinonascens
s__Polynucleobacter duraquae
s__Psychromonas aquimarina
s__Hippea jasoniae
s__Bifidobacterium breve
s__Spiroplasma taiwanense
s__Halomonas zincidurans
s__Acetobacter persici
s__Ornithinimicrobium pekingense
s__Kineosporia mikuniensis
s__Fusobacterium nucleatum
s__Pyrolobus fumarii
s__Sporolactobacillus pectinivorans
s__Rhodoferax saidenbachensis
s__Parachlamydia acanthamoebae
s__Halococcus saccharolyticus
s__Staphylococcus massiliensis
s__Dickeya dianthicola
s__Methylobacterium zatmanii
s__Sulfitobacter pontiacus
s__Leptothrix ochracea
s__Thermotoga caldifontis
s__Mycoplasma flocculare
s__Streptomyces fulvoviridis
s__Mycobacterium heckeshornense
s__Saccharomonospora azurea
s__Hymenobacter coccineus
s__Streptobacillus hongkongensis
s__Pseudoalteromonas agarivorans
s__Labilithrix luteola
s__Natronorubrum sediminis
s__Moritella dasanensis
s__Dethiosulfatibacter aminovorans
s__Corynebacterium tuberculostearicum
s__Parageobacillus caldoxylosilyticus
s__Oceanospirillum maris
s__Leptolyngbya boryana
s__Nitrosomonas europaea
s__Staphylococcus microti
s__Fusobacterium massiliense
s__Burkholderia metallica
s__Streptomyces olivaceus
s__Microtetraspora fusca
s__Acidihalobacter prosperus
s__Skermania piniformis
s__Cyclobacterium marinum
s__Novosphingobium fuchskuhlense
s__Bacillus marinisedimentorum
s__Acetanaerobacterium elongatum
s__Jannaschia pohangensis
s__Marinobacter guineae
s__Flavobacterium enshiense
s__Fuerstia marisgermanicae
s__Mycobacterium scrofulaceum
s__Bacillus bingmayongensis
s__Paenibacillus riograndensis
s__Xanthomonas hyacinthi
s__Vibrio mangrovi
s__Herbaspirillum autotrophicum
s__Leuconostoc carnosum
s__Thermococcus nautili
s__Endozoicomonas atrinae
s__Roseovarius nubinhibens
s__Streptococcus downei
s__Alcaligenes faecalis
s__Mangrovitalea sediminis
s__Allisonella histaminiformans
s__Acinetobacter albensis
s__Lactobacillus reuteri
s__Spiroplasma apis
s__Pseudomonas frederiksbergensis
s__Notoacmeibacter marinus
s__Natrialba hulunbeirensis
s__Pseudoalteromonas phenolica
s__Afifella pfennigii
s__Sphingopyxis baekryungensis
s__Jeotgalibacillus campisalis
s__Neisseria elongata
s__Bacillus paralicheniformis
s__Idiomarina baltica
s__Microbacterium xylanilyticum
s__Aeromonas veronii
s__Rubrobacter xylanophilus
s__Pseudopedobacter saltans
s__Methylobacterium radiotolerans
s__Apibacter mensalis
s__Haloarcula salaria
s__Paraferrimonas sedimenticola
s__Mycobacterium llatzerense
s__Erwinia iniecta
s__Rubritepida flocculans
s__Streptomyces scabrisporus
s__Roseburia hominis
s__Janibacter melonis
s__Azoarcus tolulyticus
s__Alkalispirochaeta americana
s__Enterococcus cecorum
s__Oceanibaculum nanhaiense
s__Porphyromonas bennonis
s__Streptomyces sviceus
s__Citrobacter europaeus
s__Anaeromassilibacillus senegalensis
s__Confluentibacter lentus
s__Streptomyces griseofuscus
s__Nostoc calcicola
s__Proteus hauseri
s__Moraxella lacunata
s__Mycobacterium icosiumassiliensis
s__Pantoea alhagi
s__Desulforhopalus singaporensis
s__Vibrio cyclitrophicus
s__Geminicoccus roseus
s__Salipaludibacillus aurantiacus
s__Microbacterium indicum
s__Streptomyces thermovulgaris
s__Lactobacillus casei
s__Thermococcus barophilus
s__Ignicoccus islandicus
s__Streptomyces xiamenensis
s__Oceanicella actignis
s__Archaeoglobus profundus
s__Bacillus solani
s__Paenibacillus stellifer
s__Asticcacaulis excentricus
s__Rodentibacter heidelbergensis
s__Bacteroides nordii
s__Pantoea gaviniae
s__Burkholderia ambifaria
s__Nocardiopsis trehalosi
s__Streptomyces odonnellii
s__Mesoplasma chauliocola
s__Mycobacterium conceptionense
s__Streptacidiphilus oryzae
s__Campylobacter hyointestinalis
s__Brevibacterium epidermidis
s__Ktedonobacter racemifer
s__Fluoribacter dumoffii
s__Clostridium acidisoli
s__Anaerobacillus arseniciselenatis
s__Methanobrevibacter boviskoreani
s__Streptomyces albus
s__Prosthecochloris aestuarii
s__Bartonella taylorii
s__Sphingobium chungbukense
s__Natronorubrum thiooxidans
s__Corynebacterium freneyi
s__Prevotella dentasini
s__Thermoflavifilum aggregans
s__Propionispira raffinosivorans
s__Methyloceanibacter stevinii
s__Geobacillus kaustophilus
s__Streptomyces hyaluromycini
s__Corynebacterium urealyticum
s__Thermofilum pendens
s__Acinetobacter pittii
s__Zunongwangia profunda
s__Burkholderia pseudomallei
s__Fangia hongkongensis
s__Rhodobaca barguzinensis
s__Moraxella boevrei
s__Streptococcus lutetiensis
s__Microvirga guangxiensis
s__Enterococcus rotai
s__Lactobacillus mindensis
s__Rouxiella silvae
s__Chelatococcus daeguensis
s__Rhizobium leguminosarum
s__Staphylococcus saprophyticus
s__Lactobacillus ginsenosidimutans
s__Komagataeibacter nataicola
s__Anaeroglobus geminatus
s__Actinomadura atramentaria
s__Nocardia abscessus
s__Nitrosomonas aestuarii
s__Bacteroides graminisolvens
s__Clostridium tepidiprofundi
s__Thioflexothrix psekupsii
s__Devosia lucknowensis
s__Azovibrio restrictus
s__Kibdelosporangium aridum
s__Methylobacillus flagellatus
s__Thermotoga naphthophila
s__Methylobacterium gossipiicola
s__Desulfuromonas acetexigens
s__Chloroflexus aurantiacus
s__Sinomonas mesophila
s__Thermus kawarayensis
s__Chryseobacterium jejuense
s__Acholeplasma granularum
s__Mycoplasma penetrans
s__Haloarcula californiae
s__Bacillus enclensis
s__Pseudomonas baetica
s__Clostridium polynesiense
s__Roseburia inulinivorans
s__Corynebacterium camporealensis
s__Burkholderia stagnalis
s__Halogeometricum limi
s__Caloranaerobacter azorensis
s__Gracilibacillus boraciitolerans
s__Pelistega indica
s__Chryseobacterium taeanense
s__Xanthomonas floridensis
s__Paenibacillus forsythiae
s__Pyrinomonas methylaliphatogenes
s__Micromonospora aurantiaca
s__Fervidobacterium islandicum
s__Thalassobaculum litoreum
s__Mycobacterium intracellulare
s__Ammonifex degensii
s__Pedobacter steynii
s__Aliifodinibius roseus
s__Aeromonas jandaei
s__Pseudothermotoga hypogea
s__Streptomyces mutomycini
s__Desulfovibrio frigidus
s__Nocardiopsis listeri
s__Streptococcus pyogenes
s__Campylobacter hominis
s__Enterovibrio norvegicus
s__Nonomuraea pusilla
s__Marinobacter nitratireducens
s__Streptococcus massiliensis
s__Clostridium acetobutylicum
s__Lysinibacillus saudimassiliensis
s__Epibacterium ulvae
s__Bacteroides congonensis
s__Croceivirga radicis
s__Streptomyces laurentii
s__Niameybacter massiliensis
s__Anabaenopsis circularis
s__Altererythrobacter mangrovi
s__Ectothiorhodospira mobilis
s__Abiotrophia defectiva
s__Variovorax soli
s__Sphingobium lactosutens
s__Bartonella washoensis
s__Streptococcus timonensis
s__Rouxiella badensis
s__Oceanobacillus iheyensis
s__Acinetobacter qingfengensis
s__Mycobacterium interjectum
s__Pseudomonas batumici
s__Anaerobranca gottschalkii
s__Halobellus clavatus
s__Deinococcus misasensis
s__Aliagarivorans marinus
s__Streptomyces flavochromogenes
s__Fenollaria massiliensis
s__Bifidobacterium thermophilum
s__Oceanobacillus sojae
s__Staphylococcus hominis
s__Formosa algae
s__Thermoactinospora rubra
s__Thermotoga maritima
s__Subdoligranulum variabile
s__Enterobacter hormaechei
s__Vibrio brasiliensis
s__Mycobacterium triplex
s__Desulfoplanes formicivorans
s__Micromonospora chaiyaphumensis
s__Methylobacterium mesophilicum
s__Clostridium ventriculi
s__Lihuaxuella thermophila
s__Albidovulum xiamenense
s__Helicobacter suis
s__Maribacter thermophilus
s__Bryobacter aggregatus
s__Xenorhabdus innexi
s__Massilibacillus massiliensis
s__Paraglaciecola mesophila
s__Mycoplasma ovipneumoniae
s__Prevotella baroniae
s__Gilliamella apicola
s__Stigmatella aurantiaca
s__Rhodococcus corynebacterioides
s__Clostridium septicum
s__Lacinutrix mariniflava
s__Haloferax massiliensis
s__Flavobacterium oncorhynchi
s__Bacillus cellulasensis
s__Flavobacterium hydatis
s__Pantoea stewartii
s__Pirellula staleyi
s__Paraburkholderia rhizoxinica
s__Sulfurihydrogenibium azorense
s__Streptomyces stelliscabiei
s__Nocardia amikacinitolerans
s__Tetragenococcus solitarius
s__Sediminimonas qiaohouensis
s__Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens
s__Frankia inefficax
s__Slackia heliotrinireducens
s__Anoxybacillus geothermalis
s__Riemerella anatipestifer
s__Bacillus halmapalus
s__Lacinutrix himadriensis
s__Halonatronum saccharophilum
s__Cobetia amphilecti
s__Pseudomonas lini
s__Algoriphagus halophilus
s__Haemophilus massiliensis
s__Fibrisoma limi
s__Methyloglobulus morosus
s__Hymenobacter gelipurpurascens
s__Flavobacterium micromati
s__Bartonella bacilliformis
s__Pseudooceanicola batsensis
s__Lactobacillus shenzhenensis
s__Corynebacterium spheniscorum
s__Hespellia stercorisuis
s__Fusobacterium periodonticum
s__Kocuria turfanensis
s__Endozoicomonas acroporae
s__Thermaerobacter marianensis
s__Acidothermus cellulolyticus
s__Rickettsia philipii
s__Bacillus smithii
s__Leuconostoc mesenteroides
s__Borrelia anserina
s__Actinomadura madurae
s__Erythrobacter gangjinensis
s__Hydrogenovibrio crunogenus
s__Clostridium jeddahense
s__Syntrophomonas zehnderi
s__Sulfolobus solfataricus
s__Streptococcus equinus
s__Bacillus cereus
s__Thermococcus siculi
s__Arcobacter halophilus
s__Pseudomonas thivervalensis
s__Bifidobacterium tissieri
s__Natrinema altunense
s__Paraburkholderia oxyphila
s__Nocardia veterana
s__Pseudooceanicola antarcticus
s__Enterococcus pallens
s__Bordetella bronchiseptica
s__Geodermatophilus obscurus
s__Gemella massiliensis
s__Malonomonas rubra
s__Bacillus dielmoensis
s__Halorubrum tropicale
s__Erwinia teleogrylli
s__Clostridium gasigenes
s__Mycobacterium neoaurum
s__Vibrio anguillarum
s__Prevotella disiens
s__Pseudovibrio denitrificans
s__Bifidobacterium saeculare
s__Rhizobium vignae
s__Halorubrum hochstenium
s__Aeromonas sanarellii
s__Deinococcus apachensis
s__Microbacterium lacus
s__Alteromonas macleodii
s__Lysinibacillus fusiformis
s__Rhodococcus enclensis
s__Desulfocapsa sulfexigens
s__Bifidobacterium stellenboschense
s__Thioclava atlantica
s__Corynebacterium propinquum
s__Syntrophomonas palmitatica
s__Caryophanon latum
s__Dickeya dadantii
s__Xanthomonas gardneri
s__Neokomagataea thailandica
s__Marinovum algicola
s__Ruegeria meonggei
s__Thermus aquaticus
s__Haloarcula vallismortis
s__Bacillus fumarioli
s__Entomoplasma lucivorax
s__Cycloclasticus pugetii
s__Pseudomonas zeshuii
s__Streptomyces flavovariabilis
s__Methanotorris igneus
s__Prevotella copri
s__Rugosibacter aromaticivorans
s__Jeotgalicoccus halophilus
s__Kouleothrix aurantiaca
s__Oceanobacillus limi
s__Streptomyces wuyuanensis
s__Methylomonas methanica
s__Kribbella flavida
s__Bacillus niameyensis
s__Acidovorax konjaci
s__Salmonella enterica
s__Listeria grayi
s__Oceanobacillus oncorhynchi
s__Desulfobacterium autotrophicum
s__Streptomyces alboverticillatus
s__Paenibacillus rubinfantis
s__Halosimplex carlsbadense
s__Streptomyces purpureus
s__Chryseolinea serpens
s__Nocardia beijingensis
s__Legionella steelei
s__Rhizobium arenae
s__Streptomyces antioxidans
s__Bifidobacterium scardovii
s__Streptomyces malaysiensis
s__Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus
s__Clostridium oryzae
s__Aeromonas sobria
s__Rhizobium bangladeshense
s__Gallibacterium anatis
s__Nocardia pneumoniae
s__Burkholderia thailandensis
s__Nocardiopsis ganjiahuensis
s__Pandoraea pulmonicola
s__Modestobacter marinus
s__Vibrio shilonii
s__Gilvimarinus agarilyticus
s__Sphingomonas sanxanigenens
s__Streptomyces graminilatus
s__Paracoccus tibetensis
s__Treponema medium
s__Verminephrobacter eiseniae
s__Ochrovirga pacifica
s__Empedobacter brevis
s__Variovorax paradoxus
s__Leifsonia rubra
s__Streptomyces rubidus
s__Pseudoalteromonas piscicida
s__Paraburkholderia aspalathi
s__Bacillus massiliglaciei
s__Aeropyrum camini
s__Bacteroides intestinalis
s__Mycobacterium paraintracellulare
s__Brachyspira alvinipulli
s__Actinokineospora bangkokensis
s__Nitratireductor soli
s__Mycoplasma putrefaciens
s__Bifidobacterium magnum
s__Libanicoccus massiliensis
s__Nocardia ignorata
s__Mesoplasma entomophilum
s__Aquimarina pacifica
s__Faecalicatena contorta
s__Streptococcus gallolyticus
s__Sphingobium lucknowense
s__Mycobacterium arupense
s__Idiomarina xiamenensis
s__Legionella anisa
s__Rhodococcus kyotonensis
s__Leucobacter chromiiresistens
s__Cyanobacterium aponinum
s__Caballeronia peredens
s__Thermodesulfatator autotrophicus
s__Perlucidibaca piscinae
s__Campylobacter corcagiensis
s__Gracilibacillus kekensis
s__Prochlorothrix hollandica
s__Desulfobulbus elongatus
s__Mycoplasma columbinum
s__Bacillus populi
s__Methylomicrobium album
s__Carnobacterium iners
s__Clostridium intestinale
s__Streptomyces prunicolor
s__Marinospirillum celere
s__Xanthomonas translucens
s__Oblitimonas alkaliphila
s__Vibrio vulnificus
s__Rhizobium favelukesii
s__Desulfovibrio gigas
s__Paracoccus aminophilus
s__Sphingomonas changbaiensis
s__Peptoniphilus lacrimalis
s__Burkholderia seminalis
s__Desulfovibrio desulfuricans
s__Nitrobacter hamburgensis
s__Citrobacter braakii
s__Flavobacterium subsaxonicum
s__Chromobacterium sphagni
s__Streptococcus salivarius
s__Staphylococcus lutrae
s__Halomonas axialensis
s__Desnuesiella massiliensis
s__Caldimonas manganoxidans
s__Sandarakinorhabdus limnophila
s__Streptomyces cinnamoneus
s__Atopostipes suicloacalis
s__Mizugakiibacter sediminis
s__Bifidobacterium biavatii
s__Lutibacter profundi
s__Phocea massiliensis
s__Pasteurella multocida
s__Enterococcus dispar
s__Casaltella massiliensis
s__Thioclava marina
s__Paenibacillus pini
s__Sutterella wadsworthensis
s__Reichenbachiella faecimaris
s__Lampropedia cohaerens
s__Peptoniphilus harei
s__Sulfitobacter litoralis
s__Mycoplasma capricolum
s__Pelodictyon luteolum
s__Haloarcula japonica
s__Streptomyces griseoruber
s__Streptococcus phocae
s__Arenibacter algicola
s__Streptomyces puniciscabiei
s__Streptomyces xinghaiensis
s__Bartonella alsatica
s__Francisella noatunensis
s__Desulfomicrobium norvegicum
s__Celeribacter indicus
s__Magnetospirillum marisnigri
s__Streptomyces halstedii
s__Wenxinia saemankumensis
s__Shewanella mangrovi
s__Pseudomonas putida
s__Haloarcula argentinensis
s__Agathobaculum desmolans
s__Olegusella massiliensis
s__Clostridium nigeriense
s__Confluentibacter citreus
s__Acinetobacter indicus
s__Micromonospora globosa
s__Bifidobacterium aquikefiri
s__Solibacillus isronensis
s__Desulfonatronum thiosulfatophilum
s__Alcanivorax pacificus
s__Caballeronia fortuita
s__Fusobacterium gonidiaformans
s__Corynebacterium vitaeruminis
s__Lachnoclostridium phocaeense
s__Roseovarius lutimaris
s__Conexibacter woesei
s__Jeotgalicoccus saudimassiliensis
s__Olsenella uli
s__Sinomicrobium oceani
s__Lentibacillus sediminis
s__Mycoplasma felifaucium
s__Mycobacterium asiaticum
s__Luteimonas huabeiensis
s__Clostridium algidicarnis
s__Streptococcus peroris
s__Methanohalophilus halophilus
s__Marinobacter mobilis
s__Bacillus manliponensis
s__Spiroplasma clarkii
s__Marinobacter nanhaiticus
s__Hyphomonas adhaerens
s__Bacillus nakamurai
s__Pseudomonas lurida
s__Deinococcus puniceus
s__Bauldia litoralis
s__Alkalibacillus haloalkaliphilus
s__Actibacterium ureilyticum
s__Vagococcus fluvialis
s__Agreia bicolorata
s__Neorickettsia risticii
s__Mycoplasma glycophilum
s__Rothia dentocariosa
s__Streptomyces venezuelae
s__Veillonella parvula
s__Paraburkholderia sediminicola
s__Hydrococcus rivularis
s__Herbidospora daliensis
s__Nocardiopsis alba
s__Methanobrevibacter curvatus
s__Acetohalobium arabaticum
s__Streptomyces lydicus
s__Prevotella multiformis
s__Sphingobium phenoxybenzoativorans
s__Halolamina sediminis
s__Actinokineospora terrae
s__Catabacter hongkongensis
s__Ectothiorhodospira haloalkaliphila
s__Cellulomonas fimi
s__Myroides odoratimimus
s__Streptomyces neyagawaensis
s__Metallibacterium scheffleri
s__Geobacillus uzenensis
s__Nocardia yamanashiensis
s__Natronorubrum sulfidifaciens
s__Desemzia incerta
s__Negativicoccus succinicivorans
s__Ochrobactrum pseudogrignonense
s__Roseivirga ehrenbergii
s__Sphingobium japonicum
s__Isoptericola variabilis
s__Bacillus praedii
s__Pedobacter borealis
s__Tamlana agarivorans
s__Halomonas arcis
s__Rathayibacter tanaceti
s__Streptomyces curacoi
s__Acinetobacter harbinensis
s__Oceanobacter kriegii
s__Spirosoma radiotolerans
s__Thermotalea metallivorans
s__Legionella tunisiensis
s__Thermococcus peptonophilus
s__Lactobacillus odoratitofui
s__Marinomonas aquimarina
s__Streptomyces pseudogriseolus
s__Methanocella conradii
s__Borrelia mayonii
s__Phascolarctobacterium succinatutens
s__Rickettsiella grylli
s__Mesoplasma grammopterae
s__Microvirga massiliensis
s__Oceanobacillus massiliensis
s__Eubacterium coprostanoligenes
s__Agrococcus carbonis
s__Desulfotomaculum hydrothermale
s__Pseudooceanicola lipolyticus
s__Nitrolancea hollandica
s__Chryseobacterium vrystaatense
s__Thermoactinomyces daqus
s__Treponema maltophilum
s__Kinetoplastibacterium blastocrithidii
s__Providencia burhodogranariea
s__Sphingobium baderi
s__Nocardiopsis chromatogenes
s__Megasphaera paucivorans
s__Legionella santicrucis
s__Treponema denticola
s__Neosynechococcus sphagnicola
s__Lactobacillus coryniformis
s__Caballeronia grimmiae
s__Methanohalophilus euhalobius
s__Limnohabitans planktonicus
s__Tropicibacter phthalicicus
s__Thermococcus radiotolerans
s__Mycobacterium austroafricanum
s__Nitrosospira briensis
s__Bacillus glycinifermentans
s__Nocardioides psychrotolerans
s__Cryobacterium flavum
s__Microbacterium paludicola
s__Borreliella valaisiana
s__Deinococcus murrayi
s__Aeromonas lusitana
s__Salibacterium qingdaonense
s__Bartonella henselae
s__Halobiforma haloterrestris
s__Coprobacillus cateniformis
s__Lactobacillus paracollinoides
s__Yersinia entomophaga
s__Borreliella spielmanii
s__Asaia astilbis
s__Desulfosarcina cetonica
s__Amphibacillus xylanus
s__Nonlabens dokdonensis
s__Clostridium amazonitimonense
s__Corynebacterium urinapleomorphum
s__Flavobacterium omnivorum
s__Veillonella tobetsuensis
s__Fictibacillus solisalsi
s__Bacillus hemicellulosilyticus
s__Nocardia vaccinii
s__Micromonospora mirobrigensis
s__Limnoraphis robusta
s__Leptospira yanagawae
s__Fervidobacterium nodosum
s__Brevundimonas nasdae
s__Okibacterium fritillariae
s__Maribacter antarcticus
s__Bordetella pertussis
s__Lachnotalea glycerini
s__Rothia nasimurium
s__Natrinema salaciae
s__Chryseobacterium arachidis
s__Treponema lecithinolyticum
s__Halomonas salina
s__Chitinimonas koreensis
s__Flavobacterium gilvum
s__Cephaloticoccus capnophilus
s__Mucilaginibacter gotjawali
s__Caballeronia catudaia
s__Bacillus horikoshii
s__Erwinia oleae
s__Desulfonatronum thiodismutans
s__Marivita hallyeonensis
s__Microbacterium paraoxydans
s__Amycolatopsis orientalis
s__Rathayibacter toxicus
s__Peptococcus niger
s__Thermobrachium celere
s__Paenibacillus ehimensis
s__Klebsiella oxytoca
s__Amycolatopsis keratiniphila
s__Psychrobacter piechaudii
s__Borrelia recurrentis
s__Streptomyces niger
s__Streptomyces torulosus
s__Thermococcus barossii
s__Polynucleobacter yangtzensis
s__Treponema vincentii
s__Thermogladius calderae
s__Vibrio qinghaiensis
s__Anaerovirgula multivorans
s__Helcococcus kunzii
s__Desulfotomaculum kuznetsovii
s__Starkeya novella
s__Prevotella buccalis
s__Acaricomes phytoseiuli
s__Pseudoalteromonas neustonica
s__Algoriphagus terrigena
s__Trichodesmium thiebautii
s__Pseudomonas monteilii
s__Bradyrhizobium elkanii
s__Photobacterium ganghwense
s__Bosea thiooxidans
s__Rickettsia hoogstraalii
s__Mycobacterium minnesotense
s__Thiomicrorhabdus chilensis
s__Umezawaea tangerina
s__Lentibacillus juripiscarius
s__Streptomyces ochraceiscleroticus
s__Cutibacterium acnes
s__Gluconobacter albidus
s__Nostoc carneum
s__Anabaena cylindrica
s__Streptomyces fradiae
s__Paraburkholderia tuberum
s__Sphingobacterium psychroaquaticum
s__Thioalkalivibrio denitrificans
s__Syntrophothermus lipocalidus
s__Gluconobacter frateurii
s__Parabacteroides distasonis
s__Alicyclobacillus macrosporangiidus
s__Exiguobacterium profundum
s__Halogranum gelatinilyticum
s__Methanobacterium bryantii
s__Bacillus ligniniphilus
s__Mycoplasma imitans
s__Hymenobacter roseosalivarius
s__Dinoroseobacter shibae
s__Roseovarius nanhaiticus
s__Clostridium ragsdalei
s__Actinopolyspora erythraea
s__Xanthomonas citri
s__Meiothermus chliarophilus
s__Pediococcus inopinatus
s__Hydrogenobacter thermophilus
s__Rickettsia rhipicephali
s__Faecalicoccus pleomorphus
s__Salinibacillus kushneri
s__Spiroplasma eriocheiris
s__Desulfotomaculum arcticum
s__Streptomyces atriruber
s__Youngiibacter fragilis
s__Yersinia similis
s__Flavobacterium columnare
s__Nonomuraea jiangxiensis
s__Thermocladium modestius
s__Bdellovibrio exovorus
s__Rhizobium aegyptiacum
s__Mycobacterium terrae
s__Flavobacterium terrae
s__Lactobacillus amylotrophicus
s__Mycobacterium boenickei
s__Afifella marina
s__Aurantimicrobium minutum
s__Oscillochloris trichoides
s__Anaeromicrobium sediminis
s__Sediminibacterium salmoneum
s__Acidiphilium multivorum
s__Sterolibacterium denitrificans
s__Thermoanaerobacter indiensis
s__Shewanella piezotolerans
s__Virgibacillus halodenitrificans
s__Moellerella wisconsensis
s__Oceanobacillus manasiensis
s__Bacillus endophyticus
s__Cryobacterium psychrotolerans
s__Byssovorax cruenta
s__Chitinivibrio alkaliphilus
s__Lysinibacillus sphaericus
s__Halobacillus massiliensis
s__Methanomethylovorans hollandica
s__Actinomadura rubrobrunea
s__Bacteroides cutis
s__Chryseobacterium caeni
s__Alysiella crassa
s__Salegentibacter flavus
s__Ileibacterium valens
s__Cyanobacterium stanieri
s__Granulicatella adiacens
s__Thioclava dalianensis
s__Celeribacter neptunius
s__Bacillus alveayuensis
s__Lactobacillus vaginalis
s__Clostridium aurantibutyricum
s__Desulfurococcus mucosus
s__Lutibacter agarilyticus
s__Algoriphagus resistens
s__Maribacter orientalis
s__Corynebacterium auriscanis
s__Agromyces flavus
s__Virgibacillus dakarensis
s__Desulfarculus baarsii
s__Pseudoalteromonas atlantica
s__Phormidium willei
s__Streptomyces speibonae
s__Idiomarina atlantica
s__Bartonella clarridgeiae
s__Pectobacterium wasabiae
s__Methanobacterium subterraneum
s__Streptomyces fulvoviolaceus
s__Rhodonellum psychrophilum
s__Lactobacillus sucicola
s__Streptomyces lushanensis
s__Methylomagnum ishizawai
s__Desulfatibacillum alkenivorans
s__Ruminiclostridium thermocellum
s__Cupriavidus pauculus
s__Lactobacillus animalis
s__Lactobacillus suebicus
s__Vibrio rhizosphaerae
s__Acuticoccus yangtzensis
s__Sporolactobacillus terrae
s__Snodgrassella alvi
s__Bacillus pumilus
s__Vibrio navarrensis
s__Treponema berlinense
s__Pelodictyon phaeoclathratiforme
s__Flavobacterium suncheonense
s__Thermogemmatispora carboxidivorans
s__Yersinia bercovieri
s__Cytophaga hutchinsonii
s__Streptomyces phaeoluteigriseus
s__Streptococcus vestibularis
s__Paenibacillus ihumii
s__Microbulbifer variabilis
s__Pseudothermotoga thermarum
s__Nannocystis exedens
s__Sinorhizobium fredii
s__Enterobacter mori
s__Bifidobacterium hapali
s__Halorubrum halodurans
s__Moraxella canis
s__Acinetobacter schindleri
s__Pseudomonas asplenii
s__Aminomonas paucivorans
s__Corynebacterium argentoratense
s__Eubacterium callanderi
s__Lactococcus reticulitermitis
s__Streptomyces castelarensis
s__Nitrosomonas eutropha
s__Novosphingobium stygium
s__Enterococcus caccae
s__Microtetraspora niveoalba
s__Sphingomonas taxi
s__Halorhabdus tiamatea
s__Catenuloplanes niger
s__Luteipulveratus halotolerans
s__Propionispora vibrioides
s__Sporomusa sphaeroides
s__Yersinia rohdei
s__Marivirga tractuosa
s__Arenitalea lutea
s__Desulfobacterium vacuolatum
s__Thermobacillus composti
s__Agrococcus casei
s__Merdimonas faecis
s__Lactobacillus equi
s__Xenophilus azovorans
s__Fibrobacter succinogenes
s__Paenibacillus taichungensis
s__Cellulomonas iranensis
s__Schwartzia succinivorans
s__Flavobacterium fluvii
s__Veillonella dispar
s__Parabacteroides merdae
s__Mesorhizobium sophorae
s__Sulfitobacter geojensis
s__Microcystis panniformis
s__Leptospira wolffii
s__Bacillus swezeyi
s__Streptomyces sparsogenes
s__Streptomyces corchorusii
s__Rubrivirga marina
s__Rickettsia asembonensis
s__Syntrophobotulus glycolicus
s__Loktanella vestfoldensis
s__Halalkalibacillus halophilus
s__Streptomyces brasiliensis
s__Bacillus ginsengihumi
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio piezophilus
s__Paenibacillus sabinae
s__Lelliottia amnigena
s__Nitriliruptor alkaliphilus
s__Prevotella falsenii
s__Corynebacterium ciconiae
s__Pseudomonas aeruginosa
s__Thalassotalea crassostreae
s__Haloterrigena mahii
s__Hyphomonas chukchiensis
s__Methylophilus rhizosphaerae
s__Atopobium minutum
s__Bradyrhizobium arachidis
s__Geobacillus thermodenitrificans
s__Pannonibacter phragmitetus
s__Methanothermobacter wolfeii
s__Aestuariimicrobium kwangyangense
s__Nocardia africana
s__Colwellia agarivorans
s__Burkholderia catarinensis
s__Micromonospora echinofusca
s__Actinospica robiniae
s__Glaciecola nitratireducens
s__Neisseria perflava
s__Slackia exigua
s__Vibrio mimicus
s__Devosia limi
s__Micromonospora pallida
s__Gayadomonas joobiniege
s__Chitinispirillum alkaliphilum
s__Nitrincola lacisaponensis
s__Dietzia natronolimnaea
s__Shewanella sediminis
s__Sanguibacter soli
s__Corynebacterium resistens
s__Nocardia soli
s__Roseomonas gilardii
s__Deferribacter desulfuricans
s__Chlamydia suis
s__Pragia fontium
s__Desulfovibrio oxyclinae
s__Halopiger djelfimassiliensis
s__Vulcanisaeta distributa
s__Phocaeicola abscessus
s__Thiomonas intermedia
s__Adlercreutzia equolifaciens
s__Morganella psychrotolerans
s__Desulfuromusa kysingii
s__Salinivibrio siamensis
s__Reinekea blandensis
s__Hymenobacter swuensis
s__Sphingomonas mali
s__Prevotella melaninogenica
s__Halococcus hamelinensis
s__Chitinophaga arvensicola
s__Kribbella catacumbae
s__Hydrogenovibrio marinus
s__Comamonas granuli
s__Filimonas lacunae
s__Paracoccus yeei
s__Desulfatitalea tepidiphila
s__Nitrosomonas marina
s__Streptomyces thermoautotrophicus
s__Alcanivorax dieselolei
s__Sphingomonas hankookensis
s__Treponema pallidum
s__Saccharibacillus kuerlensis
s__Lactobacillus thailandensis
s__Paraburkholderia bannensis
s__Aquitalea pelogenes
s__Myroides phaeus
s__Alteribacillus iranensis
s__Arenibacter palladensis
s__Spiroplasma cantharicola
s__Jiangella muralis
s__Nocardia xishanensis
s__Paenibacillus pabuli
s__Croceicoccus mobilis
s__Corynebacterium singulare
s__Corynebacterium nuruki
s__Rhizobium oryziradicis
s__Cohnella laeviribosi
s__Lacinutrix venerupis
s__Poseidonocella pacifica
s__Halogranum rubrum
s__Azohydromonas australica
s__Kineosphaera limosa
s__Pseudoramibacter alactolyticus
s__Lentibacillus persicus
s__Thermoplasma volcanium
s__Hyunsoonleella jejuensis
s__Maribacter aquivivus
s__Streptomyces drozdowiczii
s__Natrinema ejinorense
s__Pseudoalteromonas rubra
s__Yersinia intermedia
s__Shewanella frigidimarina
s__Alcanivorax jadensis
s__Gelidibacter algens
s__Pseudomonas delhiensis
s__Paenibacillus glacialis
s__Bacillus shackletonii
s__Citrobacter portucalensis
s__Arenimonas malthae
s__Spirosoma linguale
s__Chlorobium phaeovibrioides
s__Actinomadura rifamycini
s__Tardiphaga robiniae
s__Rhodococcus maanshanensis
s__Lactobacillus bombicola
s__Actinoplanes regularis
s__Paenibacillus graminis
s__Pseudomonas azotifigens
s__Haliea salexigens
s__Gramella echinicola
s__Neptuniibacter caesariensis
s__Budvicia aquatica
s__Legionella sainthelensi
s__Streptococcus oralis
s__Croceibacter atlanticus
s__Williamsia muralis
s__Pelagicola litorisediminis
s__Flavobacterium frigoris
s__Streptomyces anandii
s__Lactobacillus diolivorans
s__Nonlabens sediminis
s__Oceanicaulis alexandrii
s__Mycobacterium sinense
s__Thermus filiformis
s__Arenimonas metalli
s__Desulfonispora thiosulfatigenes
s__Alicyclobacillus ferrooxydans
s__Citrobacter koseri
s__Facklamia sourekii
s__Chryseobacterium haifense
s__Mycobacterium simiae
s__Mycobacterium ulcerans
s__Desulfosporosinus orientis
s__Pyrobaculum islandicum
s__Oceanisphaera profunda
s__Aeromonas eucrenophila
s__Gracilibacillus orientalis
s__Janibacter anophelis
s__Moraxella bovoculi
s__Virgibacillus chiguensis
s__Loktanella litorea
s__Alistipes putredinis
s__Corynebacterium pilosum
s__Antarctobacter heliothermus
s__Formivibrio citricus
s__Nocardioides jensenii
s__Corynebacterium mustelae
s__Saccharomonospora xinjiangensis
s__Geodermatophilus telluris
s__Bacillus gobiensis
s__Rhodoferax ferrireducens
s__Gordonia phthalatica
s__Sphingobacterium spiritivorum
s__Loktanella rosea
s__Bosea lupini
s__Vibrio ichthyoenteri
s__Borreliella burgdorferi
s__Thiohalobacter thiocyanaticus
s__Pseudomonas luteola
s__Mesonia phycicola
s__Acholeplasma hippikon
s__Bradyrhizobium oligotrophicum
s__Nocardia fusca
s__Aeromicrobium choanae
s__Thiomicrospira microaerophila
s__Paraburkholderia acidipaludis
s__Amphibacillus marinus
s__Lawsonia intracellularis
s__Paenibacillus dendritiformis
s__Xanthomonas massiliensis
s__Nocardiopsis halophila
s__Rheinheimera salexigens
s__Desulfotomaculum australicum
s__Dehalogenimonas alkenigignens
s__Salinisphaera shabanensis
s__Geodermatophilus taihuensis
s__Lyngbya aestuarii
s__Anaerobacillus macyae
s__Chryseobacterium formosense
s__Corynebacterium epidermidicanis
s__Streptococcus devriesei
s__Stackebrandtia nassauensis
s__Bifidobacterium mongoliense
s__Pseudomonas yangmingensis
s__Mannheimia massilioguelmaensis
s__Bradyrhizobium japonicum
s__Pseudomonas synxantha
s__Muricauda lutaonensis
s__Brevundimonas diminuta
s__Bradyrhizobium neotropicale
s__Chryseobacterium kwangjuense
s__Pseudospirillum japonicum
s__Thioclava arenosa
s__Scytonema millei
s__Pseudarcicella hirudinis
s__Odoribacter splanchnicus
s__Leptospira kmetyi
s__Sulfurivirga caldicuralii
s__Streptococcus sanguinis
s__Desulfovirgula thermocuniculi
s__Tenacibaculum dicentrarchi
s__Marinithermus hydrothermalis
s__Hymenobacter daecheongensis
s__Pyrobaculum neutrophilum
s__Marinomonas spartinae
s__Mycobacterium cosmeticum
s__Catenovulum maritimum
s__Pseudomonas indica
s__Corynebacterium lubricantis
s__Porphyromonas canoris
s__Wohlfahrtiimonas chitiniclastica
s__Streptococcus minor
s__Haloplanus natans
s__Kineosporia succinea
s__Corynebacterium callunae
s__Gemmobacter megaterium
s__Roseateles terrae
s__Rheinheimera perlucida
s__Pseudomonas bauzanensis
s__Yokenella regensburgei
s__Microcystis wesenbergii
s__Streptomyces roseoverticillatus
s__Mycoplasma gallinaceum
s__Mycobacterium kumamotonense
s__Nevskia soli
s__Lactobacillus spicheri
s__Leptospira alexanderi
s__Rhodococcus imtechensis
s__Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum
s__Cellulomonas gilvus
s__Aestuariivita atlantica
s__Pedosphaera parvula
s__Haloferax prahovense
s__Bordetella trematum
s__Paenibacillus donghaensis
s__Chryseobacterium scophthalmum
s__Leptospira biflexa
s__Veillonella denticariosi
s__Propionispira arboris
s__Cyclobacterium lianum
s__Pseudomonas mosselii
s__Methanotorris formicicus
s__Salinicoccus roseus
s__Pasteuria nishizawae
s__Frankia alni
s__Corynebacterium crudilactis
s__Ehrlichia ruminantium
s__Bifidobacterium callitrichos
s__Alkanindiges illinoisensis
s__Salinivibrio costicola
s__Carboxydothermus islandicus
s__Halomonas shengliensis
s__Flavobacterium denitrificans
s__Desulfovibrio aminophilus
s__Porphyromonas uenonis
s__Clostridium felsineum
s__Haladaptatus cibarius
s__Trueperella pyogenes
s__Bacillus wudalianchiensis
s__Aminobacter aminovorans
s__Amycolatopsis mediterranei
s__Dolichospermum compactum
s__Streptomyces capuensis
s__Uliginosibacterium gangwonense
s__Bartonella rattimassiliensis
s__Polycyclovorans algicola
s__Clostridium cellulovorans
s__Chryseobacterium chaponense
s__Roseovarius gaetbuli
s__Mariprofundus aestuarium
s__Thermodesulfovibrio yellowstonii
s__Bacillus fastidiosus
s__Methylovulum psychrotolerans
s__Ornithobacterium rhinotracheale
s__Francisella philomiragia
s__Labrenzia alexandrii
s__Kamptonema formosum
s__Mycobacterium persicum
s__Enterococcus termitis
s__Burkholderia cepacia
s__Proteus vulgaris
s__Desulfospira joergensenii
s__Vibrio nigripulchritudo
s__Edwardsiella hoshinae
s__Xanthomonas fuscans
s__Lactobacillus brevis
s__Globicatella sanguinis
s__Saccharomonospora halophila
s__Halorubrum sodomense
s__Brachyspira murdochii
s__Halomonas caseinilytica
s__Actinomyces massiliensis
s__Sphingomonas jatrophae
s__Jeotgalicoccus marinus
s__Altererythrobacter atlanticus
s__Streptomyces cattleya
s__Aliterella atlantica
s__Algoriphagus aquimarinus
s__Lactobacillus homohiochii
s__Mesotoga infera
s__Streptomyces harbinensis
s__Silanimonas lenta
s__Halomonas utahensis
s__Massilia putida
s__Roseovarius atlanticus
s__Fusobacterium equinum
s__Oleispira antarctica
s__Gilvimarinus chinensis
s__Roseospirillum parvum
s__Streptomyces ruber
s__Pseudomonas savastanoi
s__Flavobacterium urocaniciphilum
s__Vibrio panuliri
s__Aeromonas media
s__Streptomyces hirsutus
s__Chitinibacter tainanensis
s__Bacteroides barnesiae
s__Clostridium frigidicarnis
s__Oligella ureolytica
s__Microbacterium pygmaeum
s__Peptostreptococcus stomatis
s__Flavobacterium johnsoniae
s__Arenimonas composti
s__Mycobacterium saskatchewanense
s__Gordonia hirsuta
s__Pacificibacter marinus
s__Acetobacter fabarum
s__Emticicia oligotrophica
s__Paenibacillus jilunlii
s__Paenibacillus durus
s__Oceanimonas smirnovii
s__Enterococcus asini
s__Methanofollis ethanolicus
s__Dermacoccus nishinomiyaensis
s__Rickettsia peacockii
s__Staphylococcus schleiferi
s__Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii
s__Mycobacterium chubuense
s__Roseovarius albus
s__Marinococcus luteus
s__Streptomyces mangrovisoli
s__Mameliella alba
s__Mycobacterium branderi
s__Natronobacterium texcoconense
s__Bacillus gaemokensis
s__Peptoniphilus rhinitidis
s__Coprococcus eutactus
s__Mycoplasma alkalescens
s__Pseudoxanthobacter soli
s__Planktotalea frisia
s__Planococcus halocryophilus
s__Mycoplasma leonicaptivi
s__Lactobacillus agilis
s__Salinicola socius
s__Streptomyces atroolivaceus
s__Alistipes obesi
s__Bifidobacterium animalis
s__Gramella portivictoriae
s__Xenorhabdus beddingii
s__Hyphomicrobium denitrificans
s__Prevotella scopos
s__Kordiimonas lipolytica
s__Conchiformibius steedae
s__Tistrella mobilis
s__Enterococcus hirae
s__Streptococcus constellatus
s__Salinicoccus carnicancri
s__Spirochaeta lutea
s__Macrococcus caseolyticus
s__Halolamina rubra
s__Halobacillus salinus
s__Clostridium coskatii
s__Magnetospirillum moscoviense
s__Pseudomonas umsongensis
s__Flavisolibacter tropicus
s__Bacillus oshimensis
s__Chlorobium chlorochromatii
s__Truepera radiovictrix
s__Marinibacterium profundimaris
s__Serratia plymuthica
s__Roseivivax atlanticus
s__Exiguobacterium chiriqhucha
s__Actinotignum urinale
s__Haemophilus paraphrohaemolyticus
s__Streptococcus ictaluri
s__Lactococcus lactis
s__Thermoanaerobacter kivui
s__Massilimaliae massiliensis
s__Pseudomonas simiae
s__Chryseobacterium hominis
s__Jannaschia seosinensis
s__Woodsholea maritima
s__Burkholderia mallei
s__Chlamydia avium
s__Saccharicrinis fermentans
s__Filifactor alocis
s__Bacillus koreensis
s__Streptomyces aureus
s__Eubacterium xylanophilum
s__Lactobacillus intestinalis
s__Izhakiella australiensis
s__Exiguobacterium alkaliphilum
s__Prevotella oralis
s__Bacillus mesonae
s__Corynebacterium mycetoides
s__Peptoniphilus urinimassiliensis
s__Azotobacter chroococcum
s__Pseudovibrio stylochi
s__Rodentibacter mrazii
s__Streptococcus macedonicus
s__Massilia yuzhufengensis
s__Nocardia acidivorans
s__Sphingomonas elodea
s__Salinivibrio proteolyticus
s__Desulfococcus multivorans
s__Marinifilum fragile
s__Caballeronia turbans
s__Photobacterium aquimaris
s__Fictibacillus gelatini
s__Aeromonas encheleia
s__Halalkalicoccus jeotgali
s__Proteiniclasticum ruminis
s__Bacillus alkalinitrilicus
s__Paenibacillus bouchesdurhonensis
s__Aeromonas piscicola
s__Pseudomonas salomonii
s__Nitratireductor indicus
s__Vibrio parahaemolyticus
s__Actinomyces ruminicola
s__Trabulsiella odontotermitis
s__Paenibacillus pasadenensis
s__Ferroglobus placidus
s__Bacillus luciferensis
s__Mycobacterium florentinum
s__Bacillus oleivorans
s__Clostridium massiliodielmoense
s__Tropicimonas sediminicola
s__Bradyrhizobium embrapense
s__Haloarchaeobius iranensis
s__Acidiplasma aeolicum
s__Bacillus marisflavi
s__Micromonospora matsumotoense
s__Marinobacterium aestuarii
s__Proteocatella sphenisci
s__Herbaspirillum frisingense
s__Bizionia echini
s__Haloferax lucentense
s__Sulfitobacter pseudonitzschiae
s__Caldanaerobius fijiensis
s__Rhodococcus wratislaviensis
s__Dyadobacter koreensis
s__Pseudoalteromonas mariniglutinosa
s__Clostridium thiosulfatireducens
s__Arachidicoccus rhizosphaerae
s__Nereida ignava
s__Pedobacter panaciterrae
s__Paenibacillus catalpae
s__Ahrensia marina
s__Actinoplanes philippinensis
s__Pelobacter propionicus
s__Erythrobacter luteus
s__Rhodococcus kunmingensis
s__Tsukamurella paurometabola
s__Streptomyces pratensis
s__Microbulbifer donghaiensis
s__Streptomyces pluripotens
s__Mesorhizobium plurifarium
s__Streptomyces luridiscabiei
s__Arcanobacterium urinimassiliense
s__Lactobacillus kunkeei
s__Fischerella muscicola
s__Thermocrispum agreste
s__Staphylococcus agnetis
s__Marinospirillum minutulum
s__Nissabacter archeti
s__Gordonia amicalis
s__Yersinia enterocolitica
s__Paenibacillus senegalensis
s__Halioglobus japonicus
s__Noviherbaspirillum massiliense
s__Chloroflexus islandicus
s__Duodenibacillus massiliensis
s__Bacillus vietnamensis
s__Legionella nautarum
s__Urmitella timonensis
s__Streptomyces qinglanensis
s__Vibrio sonorensis
s__Methylovulum miyakonense
s__Parasutterella excrementihominis
s__Pseudomonas protegens
s__Nocardiopsis dassonvillei
s__Paenibacillus senegalimassiliensis
s__Actinomyces naeslundii
s__Thiohalomonas denitrificans
s__Ruminococcus bicirculans
s__Pseudomonas viridiflava
s__Shewanella japonica
s__Streptomyces pseudovenezuelae
s__Pseudoclavibacter helvolus
s__Negativibacillus massiliensis
s__Neorhizobium galegae
s__Acetoanaerobium noterae
s__Isoptericola dokdonensis
s__Planifilum fulgidum
s__Kluyvera georgiana
s__Sphingomonas soli
s__Bacillus kribbensis
s__Mesorhizobium qingshengii
s__Holdemania filiformis
s__Pedobacter luteus
s__Tateyamaria omphalii
s__Streptococcus halotolerans
s__Treponema phagedenis
s__Spiroplasma culicicola
s__Defluviitoga tunisiensis
s__Aureimonas ureilytica
s__Lactobacillus saniviri
s__Croceitalea dokdonensis
s__Actinomyces provencensis
s__Bacillus vallismortis
s__Pseudoclavibacter bifida
s__Kosakonia arachidis
s__Microbacterium oxydans
s__Micromonospora inyonensis
s__Vibrio diabolicus
s__Streptomyces pactum
s__Bacteroides caccae
s__Blastochloris viridis
s__Sporolituus thermophilus
s__Sphingobium quisquiliarum
s__Campylobacter coli
s__Spirochaeta africana
s__Vibrio litoralis
s__Halorubrum lipolyticum
s__Streptomyces kanasensis
s__Pseudomonas psychrophila
s__Achromobacter marplatensis
s__Buchnera aphidicola
s__Paenibacillus odorifer
s__Jonesia denitrificans
s__Maribacter sedimenticola
s__Actinomyces gaoshouyii
s__Pantoea rodasii
s__Arcobacter skirrowii
s__Corynebacterium ulcerans
s__Vibrio albensis
s__Herbaspirillum seropedicae
s__Agrococcus pavilionensis
s__Paraclostridium bifermentans
s__Angelakisella massiliensis
s__Yersinia nurmii
s__Sporosarcina globispora
s__Loktanella atrilutea
s__Bacillus thermozeamaize
s__Leptospira interrogans
s__Vulcanisaeta moutnovskia
s__Niastella vici
s__Desulfocarbo indianensis
s__Pelagimonas varians
s__Propionibacterium cyclohexanicum
s__Clostridium sartagoforme
s__Streptomyces rubrolavendulae
s__Lactococcus plantarum
s__Bradyrhizobium jicamae
s__Methanococcus aeolicus
s__Gluconobacter cerinus
s__Enterococcus columbae
s__Roseivivax lentus
s__Dyadobacter tibetensis
s__Aliagarivorans taiwanensis
s__Haloferax mediterranei
s__Psychromonas hadalis
s__Mycoplasma sturni
s__Chromohalobacter israelensis
s__Tumebacillus flagellatus
s__Novosphingobium lindaniclasticum
s__Vibrio gazogenes
s__Cellulosimicrobium aquatile
s__Xylanimonas cellulosilytica
s__Actinopolyspora alba
s__Streptococcus canis
s__Streptomyces rimosus
s__Sphingopyxis witflariensis
s__Aquisalimonas asiatica
s__Brevibacillus formosus
s__Mycobacterium chelonae
s__Ilumatobacter nonamiensis
s__Halanaerobium saccharolyticum
s__Salegentibacter agarivorans
s__Mameliella atlantica
s__Flaviflexus massiliensis
s__Faecalitalea cylindroides
s__Desulfomicrobium orale
s__Lactobacillus fabifermentans
s__Allosalinactinospora lopnorensis
s__Roseibaca calidilacus
s__Bacillus badius
s__Lactobacillus backii
s__Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides
s__Gluconobacter roseus
s__Duganella sacchari
s__Krasilnikoviella flava
s__Pedobacter antarcticus
s__Chryseobacterium hispalense
s__Mobilicoccus pelagius
s__Borreliella bissettii
s__Streptomyces rhizosphaericus
s__Luteibacter yeojuensis
s__Aneurinibacillus migulanus
s__Pseudomonas segetis
s__Butyrivibrio proteoclasticus
s__Flammeovirga pacifica
s__Mycobacterium fallax
s__Lactobacillus gallinarum
s__Stigmatella erecta
s__Helicobacter magdeburgensis
s__Bacillus simplex
s__Halolactibacillus alkaliphilus
s__Fructobacillus pseudoficulneus
s__Nocardia speluncae
s__Salimicrobium halophilum
s__Thermoanaerobacterium xylanolyticum
s__Paracoccus alcaliphilus
s__Paraburkholderia sartisoli
s__Rudanella lutea
s__Spiroplasma floricola
s__Leptospira borgpetersenii
s__Photobacterium sanctipauli
s__Rheinheimera pacifica
s__Planktothrix tepida
s__Xenorhabdus miraniensis
s__Corynebacterium marinum
s__Alicyclobacillus contaminans
s__Brucella ceti
s__Pseudooceanicola nanhaiensis
s__Pandoraea oxalativorans
s__Spiroplasma syrphidicola
s__Actinomyces polynesiensis
s__Nocardia vinacea
s__Terrimicrobium sacchariphilum
s__Acidiplasma cupricumulans
s__Agromyces ulmi
s__Tepidimonas fonticaldi
s__Streptomyces viridosporus
s__Acidiferrobacter thiooxydans
s__Bacillus bataviensis
s__Pusillimonas noertemannii
s__Bacillus hisashii
s__Atopobium deltae
s__Novosphingobium subterraneum
s__Acetobacter nitrogenifigens
s__Pseudomonas alcaliphila
s__Paenibacillus taiwanensis
s__Gordonia polyisoprenivorans
s__Methanocorpusculum labreanum
s__Microbacterium testaceum
s__Sphingobacterium deserti
s__Psychroflexus tropicus
s__Micrococcus lylae
s__Pseudomonas arsenicoxydans
s__Enterococcus raffinosus
s__Pseudorhodobacter ferrugineus
s__Bacillus amyloliquefaciens
s__Capnocytophaga granulosa
s__Geobacillus vulcani
s__Chryseobacterium cucumeris
s__Thiothrix nivea
s__Pedobacter rhizosphaerae
s__Pseudomonas jinjuensis
s__Bifidobacterium cuniculi
s__Streptosporangium amethystogenes
s__Lactobacillus harbinensis
s__Paenibacillus ihbetae
s__Bacillus atrophaeus
s__Clostridium phoceensis
s__Mycobacterium fortuitum
s__Halanaerobium kushneri
s__Kyrpidia tusciae
s__Methanocorpusculum parvum
s__Olleya marilimosa
s__Paenibacillus pectinilyticus
s__Microbulbifer marinus
s__Clostridium sporogenes
s__Sporanaerobacter acetigenes
s__Pseudomonas costantinii
s__Desulforegula conservatrix
s__Gulbenkiania indica
s__Coprothermobacter proteolyticus
s__Saccharopolyspora spinosa
s__Desulfotomaculum alcoholivorax
s__Lachnoclostridium edouardi
s__Phycicoccus jejuensis
s__Hyphomonas beringensis
s__Vibrio mytili
s__Microbacterium ketosireducens
s__Pseudomonas capeferrum
s__Paenibacillus lautus
s__Octadecabacter temperatus
s__Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans
s__Thermus antranikianii
s__Carboxydothermus pertinax
s__Methanosarcina soligelidi
s__Thermoanaerobacter uzonensis
s__Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis
s__Chryseobacterium indologenes
s__Psychrobacter lutiphocae
s__Corynebacterium halotolerans
s__Acetobacterium dehalogenans
s__Streptomyces scopuliridis
s__Paraburkholderia graminis
s__Hydrogenophaga intermedia
s__Fervidicola ferrireducens
s__Bacillus weihaiensis
s__Pelosinus fermentans
s__Acholeplasma axanthum
s__Flavobacterium degerlachei
s__Ralstonia solanacearum
s__Salinibacterium xinjiangense
s__Rhizobium tropici
s__Streptomyces alboniger
s__Helicobacter heilmannii
s__Geobacter pelophilus
s__Gallibacterium salpingitidis
s__Citrobacter freundii
s__Ferriphaselus amnicola
s__Streptomyces caeruleatus
s__Agromyces aureus
s__Campylobacter cuniculorum
s__Herbaspirillum lusitanum
s__Streptococcus caballi
s__Prevotella corporis
s__Pantoea septica
s__Rhizobium sophorae
s__Actinokineospora spheciospongiae
s__Mycoplasma iowae
s__Ruminococcus albus
s__Natronolimnobius innermongolicus
s__Herminiimonas arsenitoxidans
s__Tetragenococcus halophilus
s__Nakamurella lactea
s__Sanguibacter keddieii
s__Streptomyces violaceusniger
s__Helicobacter cetorum
s__Polaribacter tangerinus
s__Mycoplasma bovirhinis
s__Nocardia sienata
s__Streptobacillus felis
s__Thermotoga neapolitana
s__Hydrogenovibrio kuenenii
s__Brevundimonas viscosa
s__Streptococcus parauberis
s__Candidimonas nitroreducens
s__Bacillus jeddahensis
s__Brevundimonas vesicularis
s__Bacillus kochii
s__Anaplasma phagocytophilum
s__Domibacillus iocasae
s__Nocardioides alpinus
s__Spongiibacter tropicus
s__Lactobacillus murinus
s__Pseudomonas benzenivorans
s__Arthrospira platensis
s__Stanieria cyanosphaera
s__Pseudoclavibacter soli
s__Paenibacillus sophorae
s__Actinophytocola xanthii
s__Achromobacter denitrificans
s__Caulobacter henricii
s__Natranaerobius thermophilus
s__Salipaludibacillus agaradhaerens
s__Derxia gummosa
s__Bacillus mojavensis
s__Corynebacterium minutissimum
s__Megasphaera massiliensis
s__Anaerostipes caccae
s__Leptospira fainei
s__Dehalococcoides mccartyi
s__Pseudomonas yamanorum
s__Thermus parvatiensis
s__Xenorhabdus nematophila
s__Alicyclobacillus vulcanalis
s__Ruegeria arenilitoris
s__Bacteroides helcogenes
s__Myxococcus xanthus
s__Pseudogulbenkiania ferrooxidans
s__Mycoplasma testudinis
s__Tetrasphaera japonica
s__Acidithiobacillus caldus
s__Melghirimyces thermohalophilus
s__Halorubrum ezzemoulense
s__Stomatobaculum longum
s__Paenibacillus macquariensis
s__Luteimonas mephitis
s__Corynebacterium phoceense
s__Prevotella oryzae
s__Castellaniella defragrans
s__Pseudomonas helleri
s__Chitinilyticum litopenaei
s__Sulfitobacter noctilucae
s__Pseudacidovorax intermedius
s__Desulfosporosinus acidiphilus
s__Cecembia lonarensis
s__Marinobacterium profundum
s__Salisaeta longa
s__Bacillus cytotoxicus
s__Brachybacterium massiliense
s__Amycolatopsis rifamycinica
s__Mycoplasma pirum
s__Mycoplasma dispar
s__Bacillus halodurans
s__Blautia producta
s__Oceanibacterium hippocampi
s__Caenispirillum bisanense
s__Weeksella virosa
s__Salinisphaera hydrothermalis
s__Streptomyces platensis
s__Cystobacter fuscus
s__Agathobacter ruminis
s__Leeuwenhoekiella marinoflava
s__Rickettsia akari
s__Burkholderia anthina
s__Aeromonas bivalvium
s__Granulosicoccus antarcticus
s__Marasmitruncus massiliensis
s__Paramesorhizobium deserti
s__Bacteroides coprosuis
s__Lactobacillus vini
s__Thermococcus kodakarensis
s__Actinosynnema mirum
s__Escherichia marmotae
s__Lysobacter daejeonensis
s__Mycobacterium lehmannii
s__Vibrio cincinnatiensis
s__Olsenella profusa
s__Prolixibacter bellariivorans
s__Helicobacter cinaedi
s__Sneathiella glossodoripedis
s__Rhodopirellula maiorica
s__Actinomyces hongkongensis
s__Leuconostoc lactis
s__Rhizobium aethiopicum
s__Lentimicrobium saccharophilum
s__Trichococcus collinsii
s__Microbacterium foliorum
s__Mycobacterium fluoranthenivorans
s__Halothermothrix orenii
s__Pseudopelagicola gijangensis
s__Neglecta timonensis
s__Altererythrobacter marensis
s__Acutalibacter muris
s__Georgenia soli
s__Pseudomonas canadensis
s__Muricauda ruestringensis
s__Amycolatopsis tolypomycina
s__Bifidobacterium pullorum
s__Shewanella halifaxensis
s__Stenotrophomonas pavanii
s__Cellulophaga lytica
s__Chryseobacterium soldanellicola
s__Achromobacter xylosoxidans
s__Mucilaginibacter auburnensis
s__Polynucleobacter sphagniphilus
s__Delftia lacustris
s__Paraburkholderia kirstenboschensis
s__Saccharophagus degradans
s__Rathayibacter tritici
s__Methylocapsa aurea
s__Brochothrix campestris
s__Lactobacillus heilongjiangensis
s__Leptolyngbya ohadii
s__Corynebacterium appendicis
s__Lactobacillus equicursoris
s__Desulfovermiculus halophilus
s__Erythrobacter longus
s__Maribius salinus
s__Salegentibacter salegens
s__Holdemanella biformis
s__Bacillus soli
s__Thermus brockianus
s__Neiella marina
s__Synechococcus elongatus
s__Haloterrigena jeotgali
s__Carnobacterium divergens
s__Deinococcus deserti
s__Neomicrococcus aestuarii
s__Natribacillus halophilus
s__Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae
s__Nitratiruptor tergarcus
s__Kosakonia pseudosacchari
s__Marinobacterium jannaschii
s__Methanosarcina mazei
s__Haloterrigena saccharevitans
s__Nocardia puris
s__Halobacillus dabanensis
s__Nocardia donostiensis
s__Entomoplasma melaleucae
s__Loktanella soesokkakensis
s__Thermodesulfatator atlanticus
s__Spiroplasma helicoides
s__Pontibacillus yanchengensis
s__Microbacterium esteraromaticum
s__Clavibacter capsici
s__Salibacterium halotolerans
s__Carnobacterium pleistocenium
s__Bacillus megaterium
s__Microbacterium gubbeenense
s__Haloarcula amylolytica
s__Helicobacter japonicus
s__Scytonema tolypothrichoides
s__Domibacillus antri
s__Streptococcus mutans
s__Azospirillum thiophilum
s__Halorubrum persicum
s__Kushneria konosiri
s__Mycoplasma mycoides
s__Ruminococcus bromii
s__Arthrobacter koreensis
s__Streptomyces agglomeratus
s__Anaerotignum propionicum
s__Sulfolobus acidocaldarius
s__Streptacidiphilus anmyonensis
s__Enterococcus avium
s__Thermoanaerobacterium saccharolyticum
s__Streptomyces virginiae
s__Prevotella shahii
s__Xanthomarina gelatinilytica
s__Mycoplasma canis
s__Catenuloplanes castaneus
s__Kallipyga massiliensis
s__Glaciecola punicea
s__Flavobacterium indicum
s__Halopiger xanaduensis
s__Gordonia paraffinivorans
s__Hoeflea phototrophica
s__Aquitalea magnusonii
s__Sphingopyxis alaskensis
s__Gloeobacter violaceus
s__Vibrio maritimus
s__Pilimelia anulata
s__Actinomyces marimammalium
s__Caminibacter mediatlanticus
s__Microbacterium arborescens
s__Deferrisoma camini
s__Thermobaculum terrenum
s__Paeniglutamicibacter gangotriensis
s__Serratia proteamaculans
s__Klebsiella quasipneumoniae
s__Bifidobacterium choerinum
s__Xenorhabdus kozodoii
s__Leucobacter chironomi
s__Dasania marina
s__Chloroherpeton thalassium
s__Brachyspira hyodysenteriae
s__Azonexus hydrophilus
s__Helicobacter pullorum
s__Acetobacter indonesiensis
s__Chryseobacterium indoltheticum
s__Rhodospirillum rubrum
s__Domibacillus robiginosus
s__Ketogulonicigenium robustum
s__Halomonas sinaiensis
s__Anaerocolumna xylanovorans
s__Lyngbya confervoides
s__Corynebacterium ihumii
s__Shewanella xiamenensis
s__Effusibacillus pohliae
s__Meiothermus rufus
s__Pseudooceanicola marinus
s__Hippea alviniae
s__Corynebacterium pyruviciproducens
s__Actinomadura hibisca
s__Natrialba asiatica
s__Vibrio xuii
s__Streptomyces cyaneogriseus
s__Bacillus cohnii
s__Sphingopyxis bauzanensis
s__Ferrovum myxofaciens
s__Bacteroides faecis
s__Hyphomicrobium nitrativorans
s__Massilia eurypsychrophila
s__Aureimonas phyllosphaerae
s__Moorea bouillonii
s__Agarivorans albus
s__Bacillus stratosphericus
s__Lactobacillus frumenti
s__Deinococcus radiodurans
s__Didymococcus colitermitum
s__Erwinia billingiae
s__Salinicoccus halodurans
s__Brucella canis
s__Marinobacter algicola
s__Mycobacterium farcinogenes
s__Kribbia dieselivorans
s__Rhodococcus jostii
s__Marinagarivorans algicola
s__Bacillus akibai
s__Rhodothermus profundi
s__Celeribacter ethanolicus
s__Tissierella creatinophila
s__Streptomyces peucetius
s__Microlunatus soli
s__Arabia massiliensis
s__Methylosarcina lacus
s__Halorubrum coriense
s__Paraburkholderia ferrariae
s__Amycolatopsis regifaucium
s__Octadecabacter antarcticus
s__Sphingopyxis terrae
s__Roseivivax isoporae
s__Gemmatimonas aurantiaca
s__Hathewaya proteolytica
s__Alistipes senegalensis
s__Paraburkholderia tropica
s__Photorhabdus luminescens
s__Erythrobacter flavus
s__Actinospica acidiphila
s__Paenibacillus polymyxa
s__Thaumasiovibrio subtropicus
s__Erythrobacter litoralis
s__Acidiphilium cryptum
s__Shewanella denitrificans
s__Atopococcus tabaci
s__Streptococcus sinensis
s__Pseudomonas cremoricolorata
s__Sporocytophaga myxococcoides
s__Staphylococcus vitulinus
s__Legionella tucsonensis
s__Buttiauxella ferragutiae
s__Tamlana nanhaiensis
s__Marinobacterium georgiense
s__Chromohalobacter salexigens
s__Moraxella osloensis
s__Pontibacter actiniarum
s__Prevotella fusca
s__Bacillus testis
s__Paenibacillus etheri
s__Aliivibrio fischeri
s__Clostridium hydrogeniformans
s__Ochrobactrum grignonense
s__Sediminibacillus albus
s__Odoribacter laneus
s__Pseudonocardia ammonioxydans
s__Ectothiorhodospira magna
s__Geodermatophilus africanus
s__Enterobacter timonensis
s__Alkalibacterium pelagium
s__Planomicrobium flavidum
s__Leminorella grimontii
s__Flavobacterium defluvii
s__Acetomicrobium mobile
s__Streptomyces rubellomurinus
s__Arboriscoccus pini
s__Haemophilus parahaemolyticus
s__Paenibacillus alginolyticus
s__Solobacterium moorei
s__Micromonospora viridifaciens
s__Nonomuraea candida
s__Nocardia asiatica
s__Chitinophaga sancti
s__Prevotellamassilia timonensis
s__Bacillus coagulans
s__Bacillus sonorensis
s__Brochothrix thermosphacta
s__Terriglobus roseus
s__Caldicellulosiruptor kristjanssonii
s__Robiginitalea myxolifaciens
s__Mariprofundus ferrinatatus
s__Lactobacillus amylophilus
s__Pseudomonas salegens
s__Hyphomicrobium zavarzinii
s__Solibacillus kalamii
s__Tenacibaculum mesophilum
s__Pseudomonas mendocina
s__Hymenobacter norwichensis
s__Anaerobacillus alkalidiazotrophicus
s__Thioalkalivibrio thiocyanodenitrificans
s__Deinococcus marmoris
s__Brevibacillus panacihumi
s__Lysinimicrobium gelatinilyticum
s__Gordonia sihwensis
s__Pseudorhodoplanes sinuspersici
s__Actinomadura flavalba
s__Bacillus daliensis
s__Paenibacillus solani
s__Lactobacillus pontis
s__Thorsellia anophelis
s__Bacteroides caecimuris
s__Sphingobium czechense
s__Brachybacterium zhongshanense
s__Brucella vulpis
s__Rhizobium taibaishanense
s__Ignavigranum ruoffiae
s__Geobacter uraniireducens
s__Flavobacterium xueshanense
s__Gracilibacillus massiliensis
s__Gibbsiella quercinecans
s__Treponema caldarium
s__Acinetobacter pragensis
s__Ewingella americana
s__Mycobacterium novocastrense
s__Geobacter daltonii
s__Vibrio xiamenensis
s__Streptomyces peruviensis
s__Geodermatophilus nigrescens
s__Kitasatospora setae
s__Roseivivax halodurans
s__Streptacidiphilus melanogenes
s__Sulfurovum lithotrophicum
s__Thermosynechococcus elongatus
s__Lentzea guizhouensis
s__Acidipropionibacterium jensenii
s__Chryseobacterium treverense
s__Pseudonocardia chloroethenivorans
s__Marinobacter lipolyticus
s__Desulfuribacillus alkaliarsenatis
s__Flagellimonas eckloniae
s__Thermacetogenium phaeum
s__Halomonas hydrothermalis
s__Pseudarthrobacter phenanthrenivorans
s__Azospira oryzae
s__Fibrella aestuarina
s__Pectobacterium peruviense
s__Chitinophaga eiseniae
s__Piscirickettsia litoralis
s__Rhodoferax antarcticus
s__Aeromonas taiwanensis
s__Paraburkholderia phenazinium
s__Sandarakinorhabdus cyanobacteriorum
s__Streptomyces megasporus
s__Cellulosimicrobium funkei
s__Enterococcus canis
s__Flavobacterium soli
s__Rhizobacter gummiphilus
s__Streptomyces galbus
s__Pseudomonas guguanensis
s__Loktanella tamlensis
s__Microvirga vignae
s__Acinetobacter towneri
s__Micromonospora cremea
s__Leuconostoc kimchii
s__Photorhabdus asymbiotica
s__Clostridium saudiense
s__Xylella taiwanensis
s__Chryseobacterium limigenitum
s__Paenibacillus typhae
s__Microbacterium ginsengisoli
s__Geodermatophilus sabuli
s__Natrinema pallidum
s__Alicyclobacillus acidoterrestris
s__Brevundimonas naejangsanensis
s__Micromonospora chersina
s__Novispirillum itersonii
s__Rikenella microfusus
s__Legionella worsleiensis
s__Sphingopyxis granuli
s__Actinobacillus succinogenes
s__Pedobacter caeni
s__Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus
s__Rhodopirellula baltica
s__Thermomicrobium roseum
s__Methylophaga sulfidovorans
s__Ochrobactrum anthropi
s__Desulfotomaculum ferrireducens
s__Massilibacteroides vaginae
s__Spiroplasma kunkelii
s__Cyclobacterium halophilum
s__Rhodopseudomonas palustris
s__Murdochiella massiliensis
s__Weissella hellenica
s__Altibacter lentus
s__Caryophanon tenue
s__Pseudomonas syringae
s__Vibrio aerogenes
s__Neisseria subflava
s__Planococcus rifietoensis
s__Flavobacterium branchiophilum
s__Helicobacter canadensis
s__Chitinophaga rupis
s__Roseovarius halotolerans
s__Rhodoferax koreense
s__Tsukamurella pseudospumae
s__Lactobacillus equigenerosi
s__Streptomyces chartreusis
s__Salinibacillus aidingensis
s__Polaromonas naphthalenivorans
s__Bacteroides plebeius
s__Lysobacter concretionis
s__Desulfitibacter alkalitolerans
s__Saccharomonospora marina
s__Brevibacillus thermoruber
s__Sporolactobacillus vineae
s__Xanthomonas nasturtii
s__Desulfohalobium retbaense
s__Bhargavaea cecembensis
s__Pseudoalteromonas arctica
s__Porphyromonas crevioricanis
s__Lactobacillus kefiri
s__Roseovarius tolerans
s__Bacillus filamentosus
s__Kingella kingae
s__Methanosarcina spelaei
s__Vibrio coralliilyticus
s__Actinomadura mexicana
s__Clostridium carboxidivorans
s__Magnetofaba australis
s__Planomicrobium okeanokoites
s__Aciditerrimonas ferrireducens
s__Thalassospira lucentensis
s__Simkania negevensis
s__Brevibacillus laterosporus
s__Prevotella amnii
s__Polaribacter reichenbachii
s__Pseudonocardia asaccharolytica
s__Staphylococcus chromogenes
s__Rhizobium freirei
s__Paenibacillus algorifonticola
s__Rickettsia canadensis
s__Pseudomonas grimontii
s__Lactobacillus uvarum
s__Algibacter lectus
s__Pseudomonas thermotolerans
s__Siccibacter turicensis
s__Dysgonomonas capnocytophagoides
s__Rosenbergiella nectarea
s__Mitsuokella jalaludinii
s__Caballeronia glathei
s__Knoellia flava
s__Shewanella marina
s__Paenibacillus barengoltzii
s__Microbacterium sediminis
s__Rickettsia slovaca
s__Demequina flava
s__Lactobacillus herbarum
s__Celeribacter manganoxidans
s__Tepidibacter thalassicus
s__Hydrogenophaga flava
s__Methylacidiphilum infernorum
s__Paenibacillus uliginis
s__Cnuella takakiae
s__Rhodococcus defluvii
s__Cupriavidus metallidurans
s__Sneathia amnii
s__Endomicrobium proavitum
s__Streptomyces flocculus
s__Pustulibacterium marinum
s__Pseudomonas taeanensis
s__Aeromonas dhakensis
s__Micromonospora rhizosphaerae
s__Paraburkholderia piptadeniae
s__Helicobacter rodentium
s__Tropheryma whipplei
s__Agrobacterium albertimagni
s__Finegoldia magna
s__Corynebacterium genitalium
s__Sphingobacterium faecium
s__Flavobacterium plurextorum
s__Halanaerobium hydrogeniformans
s__Thiothrix caldifontis
s__Delftia tsuruhatensis
s__Desulfocurvus vexinensis
s__Sediminibacillus halophilus
s__Anaerococcus vaginalis
s__Streptomyces xiaopingdaonensis
s__Komagataeibacter kakiaceti
s__Fictibacillus enclensis
s__Nitrosomonas nitrosa
s__Oceanimonas baumannii
s__Bifidobacterium bohemicum
s__Thermoanaerobacter siderophilus
s__Alicyclobacillus sendaiensis
s__Methanoculleus thermophilus
s__Fischerella thermalis
s__Kangiella aquimarina
s__Massilia timonae
s__Caldicellulosiruptor kronotskyensis
s__Muricauda antarctica
s__Bartonella rattaustraliani
s__Moraxella pluranimalium
s__Tomitella biformata
s__Nocardia coubleae
s__Erythrobacter marinus
s__Thalassobius mediterraneus
s__Phycicoccus dokdonensis
s__Acetobacterium wieringae
s__Alloscardovia macacae
s__Orenia marismortui
s__Mycobacterium aurum
s__Chryseobacterium piperi
s__Actinomyces georgiae
s__Rhizobium leucaenae
s__Lacinutrix algicola
s__Ileibacterium massiliense
s__Brevinema andersonii
s__Mesoplasma syrphidae
s__Acholeplasma oculi
s__Acinetobacter celticus
s__Xenorhabdus eapokensis
s__Flexibacter flexilis
s__Corynebacterium imitans
s__Collinsella intestinalis
s__Psychrobacter immobilis
s__Pseudomonas cannabina
s__Streptomyces flaveolus
s__Raoultella ornithinolytica
s__Enterovibrio calviensis
s__Moraxella oblonga
s__Acidisphaera rubrifaciens
s__Halostagnicola kamekurae
s__Kiloniella spongiae
s__Hahella chejuensis
s__Pseudanabaena biceps
s__Jiangella alba
s__Bacillus cellulosilyticus
s__Aliivibrio logei
s__Enterorhabdus caecimuris
s__Anaerosalibacter massiliensis
s__Anoxybacillus ayderensis
s__Leptospira mayottensis
s__Altererythrobacter namhicola
s__Shewanella putrefaciens
s__Saccharothrix espanaensis
s__Lactococcus fujiensis
s__Marinilactibacillus psychrotolerans
s__Noviherbaspirillum denitrificans
s__Devosia chinhatensis
s__Rubritalea marina
s__Chlamydia ibidis
s__Nocardia otitidiscaviarum
s__Nocardioides massiliensis
s__Nesterenkonia jeotgali
s__Bacillus vireti
s__Myroides profundi
s__Actinomycetospora chiangmaiensis
s__Colwellia beringensis
s__Salinimicrobium xinjiangense
s__Alkaliflexus imshenetskii
s__Listeria aquatica
s__Deefgea rivuli
s__Wenxinia marina
s__Cellulophaga algicola
s__Mycobacterium franklinii
s__Ochrobactrum thiophenivorans
s__Dickeya solani
s__Bacillus aerophilus
s__Methanosarcina siciliae
s__Legionella birminghamensis
s__Ezakiella peruensis
s__Flavobacterium commune
s__Treponema primitia
s__Palaeococcus ferrophilus
s__Mycoplasma arthritidis
s__Thiorhodospira sibirica
s__Desulfovibrio cuneatus
s__Alkaliphilus metalliredigens
s__Roseovarius aestuarii
s__Thermoanaerobacterium aotearoense
s__Anaerotignum lactatifermentans
s__Halobaculum gomorrense
s__Lactobacillus rhamnosus
s__Methylobacterium variabile
s__Herbidospora sakaeratensis
s__Cetobacterium somerae
s__Amycolatopsis saalfeldensis
s__Streptomyces subrutilus
s__Haladaptatus litoreus
s__Acetobacter orleanensis
s__Halopenitus malekzadehii
s__Paracoccus halophilus
s__Vibrio hyugaensis
s__Rhodobacter maris
s__Marinospirillum alkaliphilum
s__Mycobacterium avium
s__Granulicatella elegans
s__Hydrogenophaga palleronii
s__Desulfonatronum thioautotrophicum
s__Lechevalieria aerocolonigenes
s__Streptococcus ratti
s__Bifidobacterium commune
s__Corynebacterium cystitidis
s__Vitellibacter aquimaris
s__Bradyrhizobium yuanmingense
s__Cronobacter universalis
s__Corynebacterium variabile
s__Bifidobacterium asteroides
s__Methanocorpusculum bavaricum
s__Marinobacter santoriniensis
s__Acinetobacter soli
s__Gordonia amarae
s__Sediminispirochaeta bajacaliforniensis
s__Thermoanaerobaculum aquaticum
s__Rhizobium loessense
s__Vibrio neptunius
s__Rappaport israeli
s__Pseudomonas kunmingensis
s__Fluoribacter bozemanae
s__Streptomyces cyaneofuscatus
s__Sulfurospirillum arcachonense
s__Kushneria avicenniae
s__Neisseria dumasiana
s__Streptococcus castoreus
s__Rubrobacter aplysinae
s__Bartonella senegalensis
s__Burkholderia ubonensis
s__Lentzea kentuckyensis
s__Kiloniella litopenaei
s__Enterococcus silesiacus
s__Faecalicatena fissicatena
s__Acinetobacter idrijaensis
s__Mycoplasma salivarium
s__Tepidimicrobium xylanilyticum
s__Collinsella bouchesdurhonensis
s__Hafnia paralvei
s__Succinivibrio dextrinosolvens
s__Paraburkholderia dilworthii
s__Millionella massiliensis
s__Blautia hydrogenotrophica
s__Mycobacterium kansasii
s__Virgibacillus siamensis
s__Pseudomonas gingeri
s__Vibrio europaeus
s__Tidjanibacter massiliensis
s__Enterococcus ureasiticus
s__Terracidiphilus gabretensis
s__Streptomyces phaeofaciens
s__Neisseria canis
s__Loktanella cinnabarina
s__Borreliella afzelii
s__Sporichthya polymorpha
s__Streptococcus gordonii
s__Geodermatophilus pulveris
s__Echinicola pacifica
s__Bordetella pseudohinzii
s__Proteiniborus ethanoligenes
s__Bacteroides neonati
s__Bartonella doshiae
s__Hymenobacter lapidarius
s__Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii
s__Bradyrhizobium manausense
s__Sphingomonas histidinilytica
s__Roseomonas rhizosphaerae
s__Bordetella bronchialis
s__Mucilaginibacter paludis
s__Curtobacterium luteum
s__Vibrio variabilis
s__Staphylococcus argenteus
s__Methanosarcina acetivorans
s__Rhizobium sophoriradicis
s__Mailhella massiliensis
s__Ectothiorhodospira marina
s__Prevotella pallens
s__Chryseobacterium halperniae
s__Veillonella montpellierensis
s__Mycoplasma buteonis
s__Desulfitobacterium chlororespirans
s__Oxobacter pfennigii
s__Elizabethkingia meningoseptica
s__Streptomyces albovinaceus
s__Methanobrevibacter filiformis
s__Flavobacterium akiainvivens
s__Geobacillus stearothermophilus
s__Turneriella parva
s__Paenibacillus beijingensis
s__Crenotalea thermophila
s__Pyrococcus abyssi
s__Enterobacter kobei
s__Agreia pratensis
s__Streptomyces oceani
s__Bradyrhizobium valentinum
s__Pseudomonas toyotomiensis
s__Oceanibaculum pacificum
s__Listeria floridensis
s__Merdibacter massiliensis
s__Granulicoccus phenolivorans
s__Pimelobacter simplex
s__Mycoplasma iners
s__Spiroplasma mirum
s__Paludibacter propionicigenes
s__Spirosoma spitsbergense
s__Deinococcus indicus
s__Kallipyga gabonensis
s__Mycetocola reblochoni
s__Pseudoxanthomonas spadix
s__Staphylococcus hyicus
s__Paenibacillus campinasensis
s__Paenibacillus tianmuensis
s__Ferrimonas sediminum
s__Prochloron didemni
s__Streptomyces griseoplanus
s__Algoriphagus vanfongensis
s__Saccharomonospora paurometabolica
s__Geothrix fermentans
s__Enterobacter muelleri
s__Streptomyces lilacinus
s__Nigerium massiliense
s__Halotalea alkalilenta
s__Planomicrobium glaciei
s__Polynucleobacter cosmopolitanus
s__Mycobacterium grossiae
s__Thermoanaerobacter wiegelii
s__Garciella nitratireducens
s__Longibacter salinarum
s__Paucisalibacillus globulus
s__Pseudomonas acidophila
s__Meiothermus ruber
s__Capnocytophaga cynodegmi
s__Desulfonatronovibrio hydrogenovorans
s__Arenibacter nanhaiticus
s__Streptomyces griseus
s__Microvirga lupini
s__Rhodococcus globerulus
s__Aequorivita sublithincola
s__Rodentibacter rarus
s__Alloactinosynnema iranicum
s__Pseudomonas parafulva
s__Haladaptatus paucihalophilus
s__Mycobacterium paraseoulense
s__Peptoniphilus coxii
s__Scardovia wiggsiae
s__Ruminococcus lactaris
s__Niabella ginsenosidivorans
s__Rubrivivax benzoatilyticus
s__Anaerococcus hydrogenalis
s__Jonesia quinghaiensis
s__Spiroplasma corruscae
s__Fervidicoccus fontis
s__Amycolatopsis xylanica
s__Pseudohaliea rubra
s__Vibrio ruber
s__Actinomyces viscosus
s__Thioclava indica
s__Desulfococcus oleovorans
s__Actinomyces johnsonii
s__Geodermatophilus soli
s__Desulfotomaculum ruminis
s__Staphylococcus intermedius
s__Chloracidobacterium thermophilum
s__Promicromonospora kroppenstedtii
s__Streptomyces albofaciens
s__Methylococcus capsulatus
s__Ferroplasma acidarmanus
s__Xanthomonas cannabis
s__Pseudooctadecabacter jejudonensis
s__Herbaspirillum huttiense
s__Shimwellia blattae
s__Mycobacterium fragae
s__Grimontia celer
s__Arthrobacter globiformis
s__Streptococcus pneumoniae
s__Criblamydia sequanensis
s__Sphingomonas ginsenosidimutans
s__Edwardsiella tarda
s__Streptomyces atratus
s__Methylobacter marinus
s__Actinoplanes utahensis
s__Bifidobacterium minimum
s__Lactobacillus silagei
s__Flavobacterium rivuli
s__Staphylococcus pettenkoferi
s__Pseudogulbenkiania subflava
s__Brevibacterium siliguriense
s__Streptomyces flavidovirens
s__Acetonema longum
s__Ruminococcus gauvreauii
s__Sciscionella marina
s__Pseudomonas caspiana
s__Puniceibacterium sediminis
s__Lactobacillus gigeriorum
s__Paenibacillus terrigena
s__Lactobacillus kullabergensis
s__Lysobacter enzymogenes
s__Dyadobacter psychrophilus
s__Xenorhabdus stockiae
s__Chrysosporum ovalisporum
s__Flexithrix dorotheae
s__Pasteurella oralis
s__Shewanella psychrophila
s__Dyadobacter alkalitolerans
s__Crinalium epipsammum
s__Aneurinibacillus soli
s__Marivita geojedonensis
s__Tychonema bourrellyi
s__Brevibacterium iodinum
s__Coprococcus catus
s__Desulfovibrio longus
s__Micromonospora citrea
s__Blautia coccoides
s__Halomonas saccharevitans
s__Paenibacillus daejeonensis
s__Albimonas pacifica
s__Shewanella bicestrii
s__Pseudomonas guangdongensis
s__Oenococcus alcoholitolerans
s__Fervidobacterium pennivorans
s__Brucella melitensis
s__Tepidibacillus decaturensis
s__Pseudomonas oryzihabitans
s__Methanothrix thermoacetophila
s__Burkholderia oklahomensis
s__Methanobacterium lacus
s__Virgibacillus necropolis
s__Helicobacter apodemus
s__Xenorhabdus ehlersii
s__Methylobacterium rhodinum
s__Streptococcus mitis
s__Cellulomonas carbonis
s__Adhaeribacter aquaticus
s__Virgibacillus subterraneus
s__Cupriavidus gilardii
s__Staphylococcus pseudintermedius
s__Erysipelatoclostridium ramosum
s__Streptococcus merionis
s__Petrimonas mucosa
s__Bartonella elizabethae
s__Pseudomonas agarici
s__Aminiphilus circumscriptus
s__Xenorhabdus hominickii
s__Acinetobacter marinus
s__Desulfatibacillum aliphaticivorans
s__Actinobaculum suis
s__Rickettsia heilongjiangensis
s__Thermogemmatispora onikobensis
s__Xiangella phaseoli
s__Brucella neotomae
s__Lactobacillus delbrueckii
s__Anaerovorax odorimutans
s__Archangium violaceum
s__Rhodobacter sphaeroides
s__Azotobacter vinelandii
s__Nocardia mikamii
s__Halalkalicoccus paucihalophilus
s__Mesorhizobium alhagi
s__Lactobacillus bifermentans
s__Chromohalobacter japonicus
s__Alkalimicrobium pacificum
s__Microbacterium azadirachtae
s__Xenorhabdus poinarii
s__Methylophilus methylotrophus
s__Yersinia aldovae
s__Microcoleus vaginatus
s__Weissella koreensis
s__Listeria fleischmannii
s__Planktomarina temperata
s__Novibacillus thermophilus
s__Mycoplasma moatsii
s__Terrisporobacter glycolicus
s__Actinobacillus minor
s__Rhodobacter megalophilus
s__Bacteroides cellulosilyticus
s__Dactylococcopsis salina
s__Microbacterium profundi
s__Enterovibrio nigricans
s__Bacillus circulans
s__Telmatospirillum siberiense
s__Clostridium tepidum
s__Xenorhabdus szentirmaii
s__Ignatzschineria larvae
s__Mycobacterium rutilum
s__Propionicicella superfundia
s__Sulfurihydrogenibium yellowstonense
s__Acetobacter cibinongensis
s__Leucobacter musarum
s__Francisella tularensis
s__Alishewanella jeotgali
s__Calothrix rhizosoleniae
s__Cellulomonas xylanilytica
s__Helicobacter winghamensis
s__Acholeplasma palmae
s__Vibrio salilacus
s__Flectobacillus major
s__Olsenella scatoligenes
s__Acetobacter malorum
s__Streptomyces lividans
s__Streptomyces luteus
s__Amycolatopsis lexingtonensis
s__Anaerococcus octavius
s__Albimonas donghaensis
s__Streptomyces kebangsaanensis
s__Serratia ficaria
s__Magnetococcus marinus
s__Psychrobacter pacificensis
s__Pseudomonas taetrolens
s__Brevibacterium ihuae
s__Flavobacterium chilense
s__Turicella otitidis
s__Kitasatospora misakiensis
s__Rhodanobacter fulvus
s__Paraglaciecola arctica
s__Bordetella hinzii
s__Salinibacterium amurskyense
s__Alicyclobacillus kakegawensis
s__Alistipes ihumii
s__Methylobacillus rhizosphaerae
s__Actinomadura meyerae
s__Calothrix parietina
s__Acidipropionibacterium acidipropionici
s__Flexilinea flocculi
s__Turicimonas muris
s__Kangiella profundi
s__Methanolinea tarda
s__Colwellia polaris
s__Nocardia fluminea
s__Veillonella atypica
s__Paenibacillus chondroitinus
s__Halobacterium jilantaiense
s__Neisseria polysaccharea
s__Floricoccus penangensis
s__Bifidobacterium vansinderenii
s__Marinobacterium rhizophilum
s__Micromonospora carbonacea
s__Planktothrix mougeotii
s__Marinicella litoralis
s__Kitasatospora griseola
s__Mycobacterium aromaticivorans
s__Pantoea brenneri
s__Bacteroides mediterraneensis
s__Actinopolyspora halophila
s__Blastococcus saxobsidens
s__Lactobacillus similis
s__Mycoplasma hyosynoviae
s__Paraburkholderia bryophila
s__Sulfitobacter brevis
s__Cenarchaeum symbiosum
s__Streptomyces bicolor
s__Nocardia caishijiensis
s__Desulfurobacterium indicum
s__Acidovorax ebreus
s__Lautropia mirabilis
s__Paracoccus seriniphilus
s__Lactobacillus hokkaidonensis
s__Marinobacter lutaoensis
s__Halogeometricum pallidum
s__Chelonobacter oris
s__Neisseria meningitidis
s__Thiomicrospira pelophila
s__Moraxella ovis
s__Pseudomonas weihenstephanensis
s__Lactobacillus fermentum
s__Collinsella stercoris
s__Marinobacter adhaerens
s__Collimonas fungivorans
s__Tyzzerella nexilis
s__Thalassospira profundimaris
s__Natrialba chahannaoensis
s__Clostridioides mangenotii
s__Beijerinckia indica
s__Tatumella morbirosei
s__Mycobacterium confluentis
s__Belliella buryatensis
s__Leptospira venezuelensis
s__Lacimicrobium alkaliphilum
s__Vitreoscilla stercoraria
s__Negativicoccus massiliensis
s__Zavarzinella formosa
s__Lachnobacterium bovis
s__Polaribacter sejongensis
s__Mycoplasma parvum
s__Gemmiger formicilis
s__Bacillus velezensis
s__Citrobacter pasteurii
s__Roseivirga seohaensis
s__Desulfurivibrio alkaliphilus
s__Methanospirillum hungatei
s__Nanoarchaeum equitans
s__Rodentibacter heylii
s__Polynucleobacter sinensis
s__Leclercia adecarboxylata
s__Methanoculleus bourgensis
s__Planktothrix serta
s__Brevibacillus brevis
s__Beggiatoa leptomitiformis
s__Thermotoga petrophila
s__Listeria innocua
s__Morganella morganii
s__Mesorhizobium loti
s__Listeria ivanovii
s__Saccharospirillum impatiens
s__Rickettsia rickettsii
s__Tessaracoccus massiliensis
s__Natronolimnobius baerhuensis
s__Pseudoalteromonas ruthenica
s__Marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus
s__Salinarimonas rosea
s__Actinopolyspora saharensis
s__Sphaerotilus natans
s__Kosakonia oryziphila
s__Desulfacinum infernum
s__Hydrogenophaga taeniospiralis
s__Mycobacterium algericum
s__Balneatrix alpica
s__Lactobacillus sakei
s__Sporomusa acidovorans
s__Lactobacillus gasseri
s__Janibacter limosus
s__Methanolobus vulcani
s__Flavobacterium piscis
s__Pseudozobellia thermophila
s__Massilimaliae timonensis
s__Neptuniibacter pectenicola
s__Bacillus wiedmannii
s__Thalassobacillus cyri
s__Dickeya chrysanthemi
s__Pseudomonas deceptionensis
s__Ruminococcus flavefaciens
s__Citreimonas salinaria
s__Collinsella phocaeensis
s__Empedobacter falsenii
s__Caballeronia zhejiangensis
s__Caldivirga maquilingensis
s__Providencia heimbachae
s__Senegalimassilia anaerobia
s__Lactobacillus taiwanensis
s__Lactobacillus pobuzihii
s__Streptomyces bingchenggensis
s__Mycobacterium bacteremicum
s__Mycoplasma canadense
s__Mycobacterium litorale
s__Streptomyces hygroscopicus
s__Mycobacterium goodii
s__Actinomyces vaccimaxillae
s__Gordonia hydrophobica
s__Pararhizobium polonicum
s__Helicobacter felis
s__Varibaculum cambriense
s__Conchiformibius kuhniae
s__Izhakiella capsodis
s__Actinotalea ferrariae
s__Halomonas huangheensis
s__Streptomyces tsukubensis
s__Natronococcus occultus
s__Kordia zhangzhouensis
s__Streptomyces puniceus
s__Salipiger mucosus
s__Tannerella forsythia
s__Polynucleobacter asymbioticus
s__Salegentibacter holothuriorum
s__Haloterrigena salina
s__Brevibacterium casei
s__Clostridium cochlearium
s__Planococcus faecalis
s__Singulisphaera acidiphila
s__Planococcus massiliensis
s__Aquaspirillum serpens
s__Arthrobacter luteolus
s__Leucobacter celer
s__Fortiea contorta
s__Moraxella catarrhalis
s__Desulfotignum balticum
s__Coprobacter secundus
s__Marinobacter pelagius
s__Clostridium beijerinckii
s__Staphylococcus capitis
s__Campylobacter hepaticus
s__Citrobacter sedlakii
s__Streptomyces pharetrae
s__Citrobacter amalonaticus
s__Marinobacter manganoxydans
s__Altererythrobacter dongtanensis
s__Crocinitomix catalasitica
s__Streptococcus hongkongensis
s__Bacillus toyonensis
s__Thioflavicoccus mobilis
s__Salegentibacter salarius
s__Thermaerobacter composti
s__Serratia fonticola
s__Aerococcus christensenii
s__Barnesiella viscericola
s__Alishewanella agri
s__Streptomyces yokosukanensis
s__Cnuibacter physcomitrellae
s__Thiolapillus brandeum
s__Pelagibaca bermudensis
s__Streptomyces acidiscabies
s__Owenweeksia hongkongensis
s__Bacillus panaciterrae
s__Leptotrichia buccalis
s__Lactobacillus johnsonii
s__Bacillus obstructivus
s__Caldicellulosiruptor obsidiansis
s__Mycoplasma anseris
s__Chitinophaga ginsengisegetis
s__Bartonella florencae
s__Sporosarcina koreensis
s__Bifidobacterium thermacidophilum
s__Enterococcus thailandicus
s__Psychrobacter piscatorii
s__Gardnerella vaginalis
s__Lysinimicrobium pelophilum
s__Staphylococcus lugdunensis
s__Thauera humireducens
s__Halopelagius longus
s__Oceanibaculum indicum
s__Spongiibacterium pacificum
s__Nocardia arizonensis
s__Clostridium cavendishii
s__Lactobacillus hayakitensis
s__Jeotgalibaca dankookensis
s__Kitasatospora albolonga
s__Halobellus rufus
s__Gemella cuniculi
s__Blautia schinkii
s__Marinobacter psychrophilus
s__Pseudoalteromonas undina
s__Paracoccus sanguinis
s__Enterovibrio pacificus
s__Mycobacterium genavense
s__Pseudoalteromonas fuliginea
s__Micromonospora coxensis
s__Halomonas stevensii
s__Sulfurimonas denitrificans
s__Agrobacterium rhizogenes
s__Lactobacillus allii
s__Aerococcus urinae
s__Kytococcus sedentarius
s__Aliiglaciecola lipolytica
s__Vibrio splendidus
s__Croceicoccus naphthovorans
s__Collinsella vaginalis
s__Mesoplasma lactucae
s__Aquincola tertiaricarbonis
s__Sphaerospermopsis kisseleviana
s__Herbaspirillum aquaticum
s__Yersinia mollaretii
s__Staphylococcus delphini
s__Alistipes timonensis
s__Lactobacillus acidophilus
s__Haemophilus paracuniculus
s__Streptomyces griseolus
s__Nonlabens spongiae
s__Micromonospora siamensis
s__Rouxiella chamberiensis
s__Salinimicrobium sediminis
s__Streptomyces ipomoeae
s__Orientia tsutsugamushi
s__Dendrosporobacter quercicolus
s__Ensifer glycinis
s__Rickettsia gravesii
s__Lactobacillus ingluviei
s__Porphyromonas levii
s__Streptomyces scabiei
s__Mycoplasma hominis
s__Histophilus somni
s__Chryseobacterium arthrosphaerae
s__Kluyvera cryocrescens
s__Leeuwenhoekiella nanhaiensis
s__Marinobacter similis
s__Clostridium grantii
s__Lactobacillus parabuchneri
s__Desulfotalea psychrophila
s__Bacillus flexus
s__Rudaea cellulosilytica
s__Sphingobacterium nematocida
s__Polynucleobacter necessarius
s__Lactobacillus parafarraginis
s__Bacillus nealsonii
s__Thermobifida halotolerans
s__Lysinibacillus parviboronicapiens
s__Rickettsia montanensis
s__Aeromonas schubertii
s__Scardovia inopinata
s__Mariprofundus micogutta
s__Methanosarcina horonobensis
s__Bifidobacterium catenulatum
s__Bizionia paragorgiae
s__Leisingera daeponensis
s__Thermovibrio ammonificans
s__Halobacillus alkaliphilus
s__Lactobacillus paralimentarius
s__Tessaracoccus flavus
s__Nitrosomonas oligotropha
s__Globicatella sulfidifaciens
s__Vibrio sagamiensis
s__Thiobacillus thioparus
s__Mycobacterium chlorophenolicum
s__Siccibacter colletis
s__Erythrobacter seohaensis
s__Cloacibacterium normanense
s__Streptomyces almquistii
s__Paenibacillus gorillae
s__Nocardia alba
s__Paracoccus solventivorans
s__Streptomyces purpurogeneiscleroticus
s__Pectobacterium parmentieri
s__Xenorhabdus vietnamensis
s__Prevotella denticola
s__Xenorhabdus khoisanae
s__Thermomonospora curvata
s__Ruminobacter amylophilus
s__Shigella sonnei
s__Mucilaginibacter lappiensis
s__Bacillus pseudomycoides
s__Allochromatium vinosum
s__Neisseria cinerea
s__Brevibacillus choshinensis
s__Leuconostoc inhae
s__Marinobacter persicus
s__Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans
s__Mycobacterium mucogenicum
s__Paenibacillus zanthoxyli
s__Bacteroides ovatus
s__Exiguobacterium aurantiacum
s__Haloferax gibbonsii
s__Halomonas halodenitrificans
s__Shewanella colwelliana
s__Buttiauxella brennerae
s__Moorella glycerini
s__Carnobacterium funditum
s__Paraoerskovia marina
s__Caenispirillum salinarum
s__Micromonospora coriariae
s__Streptomyces griseoflavus
s__Vibrio scophthalmi
s__Oceanobacillus timonensis
s__Saccharopolyspora erythraea
s__Romboutsia maritimum
s__Siccationidurans arizonensis
s__Caballeronia pedi
s__Nesterenkonia massiliensis
s__Nocardia harenae
s__Shimia marina
s__Bacillus bogoriensis
s__Pectobacterium polaris
s__Ferrimonas marina
s__Pseudomonas graminis
s__Sulfurimonas hongkongensis
s__Pseudomonas cerasi
s__Kurthia huakuii
s__Spiroplasma atrichopogonis
s__Treponema succinifaciens
s__Franconibacter helveticus
s__Saccharomonospora viridis
s__Porphyrobacter mercurialis
s__Staphylococcus carnosus
s__Anaerosporobacter mobilis
s__Paenibacillus pinihumi
s__Cellulomonas marina
s__Granulibacter bethesdensis
s__Alistipes indistinctus
s__Lactobacillus parakefiri
s__Pilibacter termitis
s__Corynebacterium humireducens
s__Lentzea violacea
s__Methylobacillus glycogenes
s__Bacteroides vulgatus
s__Nostoc flagelliforme
s__Chlamydia pecorum
s__Kingella negevensis
s__Pseudorhodobacter aquimaris
s__Bifidobacterium gallinarum
s__Bacillus coahuilensis
s__Hymenobacter aerophilus
s__Mesoflavibacter zeaxanthinifaciens
s__Oerskovia enterophila
s__Arcobacter butzleri
s__Endozoicomonas montiporae
s__Pedobacter ginsenosidimutans
s__Exiguobacterium mexicanum
s__Caldicellulosiruptor owensensis
s__Streptomyces turgidiscabies
s__Burkholderia contaminans
s__Paraburkholderia kururiensis
s__Marinobacter segnicrescens
s__Desulfotomaculum nigrificans
s__Marinobacter zhejiangensis
s__Desulfitobacterium hafniense
s__Mangrovimonas yunxiaonensis
s__Pseudooceanicola nitratireducens
s__Rubinisphaera brasiliensis
s__Methylobacterium platani
s__Roseomonas aerilata
s__Draconibacterium orientale
s__Streptomyces griseorubiginosus
s__Wohlfahrtiimonas larvae
s__Mycobacterium shimoidei
s__Caldicoprobacter faecalis
s__Treponema bryantii
s__Streptomyces erythrochromogenes
s__Sphingomonas asaccharolytica
s__Dickeya fangzhongdai
s__Pontibacillus chungwhensis
s__Actibacterium pelagium
s__Ensifer aridi
s__Mycoplasma bovigenitalium
s__Corynebacterium ulceribovis
s__Aerococcus sanguinicola
s__Hyphomonas jannaschiana
s__Streptomyces uncialis
s__Enterococcus massiliensis
s__Xenorhabdus bovienii
s__Paraburkholderia megapolitana
s__Mameliella phaeodactyli
s__Rhodococcus zopfii
s__Clostridium bornimense
s__Streptomyces niveus
s__Streptomyces alni
s__Mesoplasma florum
s__Fulvivirga imtechensis
s__Pleurocapsa minor
s__Erythrobacter atlanticus
s__Pseudomonas guariconensis
s__Coprobacter fastidiosus
s__Streptomyces diastatochromogenes
s__Pedobacter ginsengisoli
s__Pseudobacteriovorax antillogorgiicola
s__Gemella asaccharolytica
s__Porphyromonas somerae
s__Anaerocolumna aminovalerica
s__Bifidobacterium saguini
s__Staphylococcus sciuri
s__Salisediminibacterium haloalkalitolerans
s__Bacillus thermoamylovorans
s__Steroidobacter denitrificans
s__Weissella ceti
s__Mesoplasma photuris
s__Ferrithrix thermotolerans
s__Ensifer shofinae
s__Mycobacterium shinjukuense
s__Methanococcoides vulcani
s__Pygmaiobacter massiliensis
s__Nocardiopsis alkaliphila
s__Nocardia brasiliensis
s__Paenibacillus alvei
s__Bifidobacterium aesculapii
s__Acinetobacter calcoaceticus
s__Natrialba magadii
s__Collinsella tanakaei
s__Alkaliphilus peptidifermentans
s__Enhydrobacter aerosaccus
s__Chitiniphilus shinanonensis
s__Solitalea canadensis
s__Acidovorax cattleyae
s__Clostridium celatum
s__Spirillospora albida
s__Gemmobacter nectariphilus
s__Nocardia gamkensis
s__Leptotrichia wadei
s__Halioglobus pacificus
s__Porphyrobacter tepidarius
s__Tenuibacillus multivorans
s__Streptococcus thoraltensis
s__Dysgonomonas hofstadii
s__Shewanella chilikensis
s__Planktothrix agardhii
s__Halomonas smyrnensis
s__Gulosibacter molinativorax
s__Bacillus tequilensis
s__Streptomyces olivochromogenes
s__Thioclava sediminum
s__Slackia piriformis
s__Carboxydothermus hydrogenoformans
s__Azohydromonas lata
s__Cupriavidus oxalaticus
s__Rathayibacter rathayi
s__Paracoccus zeaxanthinifaciens
s__Algoriphagus faecimaris
s__Pseudomonas meliae
s__Geodermatophilus saharensis
s__Gordonia terrae
s__Desulfovibrio hydrothermalis
s__Carnobacterium alterfunditum
s__Streptomyces vitaminophilus
s__Paenibacillus darwinianus
s__Deinococcus actinosclerus
s__Actinopolymorpha cephalotaxi
s__Acetobacter aceti
s__Desulfovibrio fairfieldensis
s__Moritella marina
s__Marivivens niveibacter
s__Clostridium disporicum
s__Trueperella bernardiae
s__Bacillus krulwichiae
s__Geobacter anodireducens
s__Chitinophaga jiangningensis
s__Chlamydia pneumoniae
s__Mycobacterium leprae
s__Brevibacterium aurantiacum
s__Campylobacter ornithocola
s__Arcobacter faecis
s__Tuberibacillus calidus
s__Neptunomonas phycophila
s__Glutamicibacter arilaitensis
s__Thermococcus guaymasensis
s__Clostridium mediterraneense
s__Vibrio galatheae
s__Bacillus massiliosenegalensis
s__Streptomyces seoulensis
s__Fusobacterium hwasookii
s__Streptomyces rapamycinicus
s__Amycolatopsis methanolica
s__Nocardia violaceofusca
s__Promicromonospora sukumoe
s__Tenacibaculum finnmarkense
s__Vulgatibacter incomptus
s__Demequina lutea
s__Rothia mucilaginosa
s__Vibrio ostreicida
s__Clostridium neonatale
s__Caballeronia temeraria
s__Oceanospirillum multiglobuliferum
s__Microbacterium oleivorans
s__Bergeriella denitrificans
s__Hirschia baltica
s__Streptomyces murinus
s__Roseivivax jejudonensis
s__Ehrlichia minasensis
s__Virgibacillus ndiopensis
s__Polaribacter atrinae
s__Halarsenatibacter silvermanii
s__Clostridium tetani
s__Arcobacter lekithochrous
s__Geobacillus galactosidasius
s__Colwellia chukchiensis
s__Streptomyces xylophagus
s__Bariatricus massiliensis
s__Brevibacillus reuszeri
s__Moraxella equi
s__Azospirillum lipoferum
s__Moorella mulderi
s__Photobacterium damselae
s__Lutispora thermophila
s__Methanosarcina thermophila
s__Dialister micraerophilus
s__Cupriavidus basilensis
s__Spirosoma montaniterrae
s__Lachnoclostridium phytofermentans
s__Marinospirillum insulare
s__Dysgonomonas macrotermitis
s__Acidocella facilis
s__Alkalispirochaeta odontotermitis
s__Nostoc punctiforme
s__Lactobacillus lindneri
s__Leptotrichia hofstadii
s__Providencia rustigianii
s__Paenibacillus ginsengihumi
s__Lactobacillus oeni
s__Streptomyces autolyticus
s__Actinokineospora enzanensis
s__Cytophaga aurantiaca
s__Pseudoclavibacter alba
s__Sinosporangium album
s__Lactobacillus secaliphilus
s__Prauserella rugosa
s__Mastigocladus laminosus
s__Sphingobium herbicidovorans
s__Azorhizobium caulinodans
s__Suttonella ornithocola
s__Dorea longicatena
s__Bacillus pseudofirmus
s__Dyella ginsengisoli
s__Methylocaldum szegediense
s__Glutamicibacter mysorens
s__Filomicrobium insigne
s__Thalassobius aestuarii
s__Caldicellulosiruptor saccharolyticus
s__Borrelia duttonii
s__Marinomonas atlantica
s__Leuconostoc fallax
s__Curvibacter delicatus
s__Nitratireductor aquibiodomus
s__Caballeronia arationis
s__Prevotella albensis
s__Paeniclostridium sordellii
s__Pseudomonas plecoglossicida
s__Eubacterium aggregans
s__Corynebacterium maris
s__Intestinimonas butyriciproducens
s__Inquilinus limosus
s__Paenibacillus wynnii
s__Kocuria varians
s__Prevotella pleuritidis
s__Ehrlichia muris
s__Mycoplasma collis
s__Dyadobacter soli
s__Bacillus salsus
s__Thiomonas arsenitoxydans
s__Haemophilus haemolyticus
s__Ochrobactrum lupini
s__Caldicoprobacter oshimai
s__Rhizobium laguerreae
s__Acidovorax soli
s__Raineya orbicola
s__Cellulomonas flavigena
s__Streptococcus bovimastitidis
s__Morococcus cerebrosus
s__Pseudomonas saudiphocaensis
s__Mycoplasma yeatsii
s__Halapricum salinum
s__Yersinia aleksiciae
s__Pandoraea pnomenusa
s__Staphylococcus saccharolyticus
s__Bradyrhizobium erythrophlei
s__Arcobacter porcinus
s__Noviherbaspirillum humi
s__Desulfotomaculum reducens
s__Obesumbacterium proteus
s__Amantichitinum ursilacus
s__Streptomyces cacaoi
s__Streptomyces variegatus
s__Lysinibacillus contaminans
s__Bartonella ancashensis
s__Sporolactobacillus nakayamae
s__Helicobacter ailurogastricus
s__Brachybacterium muris
s__Thermus oshimai
s__Tetrasphaera elongata
s__Neisseria dentiae
s__Coxiella burnetii
s__Raphidiopsis brookii
s__Paludisphaera borealis
s__Methylophaga lonarensis
s__Halorubrum halophilum
s__Paenibacillus swuensis
s__Laceyella sacchari
s__Azoarcus toluclasticus
s__Nocardia terpenica
s__Microvirga ossetica
s__Blastococcus aggregatus
s__Streptomyces humi
s__Xanthomonas vasicola
s__Tropicibacter multivorans
s__Pseudomonas knackmussii
s__Leuconostoc gelidum
s__Corynebacterium caspium
s__Neisseria lactamica
s__Pontibacillus litoralis
s__Actinocatenispora sera
s__Prevotella micans
s__Aliicoccus persicus
s__Enterococcus malodoratus
s__Haloparvum sedimenti
s__Listeria cornellensis
s__Streptomyces incarnatus
s__Acetivibrio cellulolyticus
s__Bacillus zhangzhouensis
s__Orrella dioscoreae
s__Thermococcus litoralis
s__Erwinia pyrifoliae
s__Streptomyces viridochromogenes
s__Methanolobus tindarius
s__Paraburkholderia diazotrophica
s__Paraglaciecola chathamensis
s__Paraburkholderia terricola
s__Litoreibacter janthinus
s__Thiohalorhabdus denitrificans
s__Oceanicoccus sagamiensis
s__Acinetobacter puyangensis
s__Geofilum rhodophaeum
s__Mycobacterium pseudoshottsii
s__Aliiroseovarius crassostreae
s__Gottschalkia purinilyticum
s__Rufibacter roseus
s__Pseudomonas caricapapayae
s__Nocardia cummidelens
s__Vulcanisaeta thermophila
s__Streptomyces abyssalis
s__Methylomonas lenta
s__Brucella inopinata
s__Geobacter toluenoxydans
s__Microbacterium hominis
s__Xanthomonas cassavae
s__Thermococcus chitonophagus
s__Halorubrum aidingense
s__Mogibacterium timidum
s__Sphingomonas parapaucimobilis
s__Sphingomonas jaspsi
s__Kandleria vitulina
s__Haematobacter missouriensis
s__Flaviramulus ichthyoenteri
s__Halopenitus persicus
s__Sanguibacter marinus
s__Lacinutrix jangbogonensis
s__Clostridium amylolyticum
s__Cellvibrio mixtus
s__Carnobacterium inhibens
s__Oceanibulbus indolifex
s__Propionicimonas paludicola
s__Chryseobacterium taiwanense
s__Pedobacter kyungheensis
s__Chryseobacterium frigidisoli
s__Psychromonas ingrahamii
s__Donghicola eburneus
s__Luteibacter rhizovicinus
s__Pseudoglutamicibacter albus
s__Streptomyces malaysiense
s__Cylindrospermum stagnale
s__Streptococcus azizii
s__Arcobacter anaerophilus
s__Bacillus psychrosaccharolyticus
s__Marininema halotolerans
s__Diplorickettsia massiliensis
s__Paenibacillus oryzae
s__Arcanobacterium haemolyticum
s__Renibacterium salmoninarum
s__Vitreoscilla filiformis
s__Pectobacterium carotovorum
s__Kangiella geojedonensis
s__Kitasatospora azatica
s__Listeria marthii
s__Paenibacillus herberti
s__Sphingobium faniae
s__Cupriavidus pinatubonensis
s__Acinetobacter apis
s__Agrococcus lahaulensis
s__Nocardia higoensis
s__Geobacter bremensis
s__Rubellimicrobium mesophilum
s__Wenyingzhuangia marina
s__Duganella zoogloeoides
s__Joostella marina
s__Gemella haemolysans
s__Clostridium pasteurianum
s__Caballeronia concitans
s__Emergencia timonensis
s__Reyranella massiliensis
s__Lentibacillus jeotgali
s__Acinetobacter beijerinckii
s__Amycolatopsis pretoriensis
s__Luteimicrobium subarcticum
s__Amycolatopsis decaplanina
s__Anaerococcus pacaensis
s__Seinonella peptonophila
s__Sporobacter termitidis
s__Holospora elegans
s__Lamprocystis purpurea
s__Streptomyces griseorubens
s__Dokdonella immobilis
s__Sulfobacillus acidophilus
s__Dolichospermum circinale
s__Mycobacterium obuense
s__Escherichia albertii
s__Turicibacter sanguinis
s__Sanguibacter suarezii
s__Parasaccharibacter apium
s__Tepidibacter mesophilus
s__Petrotoga mobilis
s__Cellulomonas cellasea
s__Bhargavaea beijingensis
s__Vampirovibrio chlorellavorus
s__Tatumella saanichensis
s__Dyella marensis
s__Erythrobacter nanhaisediminis
s__Bacillus lonarensis
s__Corynebacterium bouchesdurhonense
s__Erysipelothrix tonsillarum
s__Desulfotomaculum copahuensis
s__Salinicoccus kekensis
s__Paraburkholderia nodosa
s__Actinomyces hordeovulneris
s__Gluconobacter morbifer
s__Halorhodospira halochloris
s__Thauera terpenica
s__Methyloceanibacter methanicus
s__Haloferax mucosum
s__Pantoea ananatis
s__Streptomyces griseoaurantiacus
s__Flavobacterium frigidarium
s__Arcobacter lanthieri
s__Desulfofustis glycolicus
s__Endozoicomonas ascidiicola
s__Pseudomonas avellanae
s__Aquimarina latercula
s__Clostridium collagenovorans
s__Clostridium aceticum
s__Aeromonas rivuli
s__Bacillus bombysepticus
s__Phaeobacter gallaeciensis
s__Acinetobacter proteolyticus
s__Thiobacimonas profunda
s__Actinobacillus ureae
s__Microbulbifer thermotolerans
s__Kibdelosporangium phytohabitans
s__Kitasatospora phosalacinea
s__Fodinicurvata sediminis
s__Tepidanaerobacter acetatoxydans
s__Actinomyces succiniciruminis
s__Eremococcus coleocola
s__Pseudomonas mohnii
s__Enterococcus canintestini
s__Bifidobacterium dentium
s__Acetobacter pomorum
s__Streptomyces prasinus
s__Enteractinococcus helveticum
s__Ureaplasma urealyticum
s__Cyclobacterium amurskyense
s__Viridibacillus arvi
s__Marinobacter aromaticivorans
s__Lonsdalea britannica
s__Clavibacter insidiosus
s__Devriesea agamarum
s__Clostridium taeniosporum
s__Porphyromonas cangingivalis
s__Marinococcus halotolerans
s__Agarilytica rhodophyticola
s__Azorhizobium doebereinerae
s__Olivibacter sitiensis
s__Myroides injenensis
s__Phormidesmis priestleyi
s__Streptomyces longwoodensis
s__Streptomyces avicenniae
s__Oceanospirillum linum
s__Xanthomonas alfalfae
s__Kangiella sediminilitoris
s__Hymenobacter glacialis
s__Lactobacillus oris
s__Simplicispira psychrophila
s__Alteromonas naphthalenivorans
s__Brachyspira intermedia
s__Bartonella apis
s__Robiginitalea biformata
s__Thermaerobacter subterraneus
s__Treponema socranskii
s__Agaribacterium haliotis
s__Sulfitobacter marinus
s__Caballeronia arvi
s__Corynebacterium lipophiloflavum
s__Anaerococcus mediterraneensis
s__Aureimonas frigidaquae
s__Thalassobaculum salexigens
s__Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum
s__Halococcus salifodinae
s__Thermosulfidibacter takaii
s__Staphylococcus haemolyticus
s__Nocardiopsis lucentensis
s__Calditerrivibrio nitroreducens
s__Mycoplasma columborale
s__Spirochaeta thermophila
s__Thermus tengchongensis
s__Alicyclobacillus acidiphilus
s__Flavihumibacter solisilvae
s__Ilumatobacter coccineus
s__Klebsiella variicola
s__Flavobacterium araucananum
s__Bacillus aurantiacus
s__Legionella maceachernii
s__Oceanospirillum sanctuarii
s__Pseudomonas marincola
s__Kitasatospora arboriphila
s__Arenibacter troitsensis
s__Prevotella saccharolytica
s__Pseudoxanthomonas dokdonensis
s__Methylotenera mobilis
s__Mycobacterium timonense
s__Geobacillus lituanicus
s__Aidingimonas halophila
s__Streptomyces aidingensis
s__Algoriphagus boritolerans
s__Streptomyces azureus
s__Phenylobacterium immobile
s__Methanosarcina vacuolata
s__Oceanospirillum beijerinckii
s__Enterobacter cloacae
s__Croceicoccus marinus
s__Xanthobacter autotrophicus
s__Natrialba aegyptia
s__Dialister invisus
s__Halomonas ilicicola
s__Bacillus sinesaloumensis
s__Sphingobium yanoikuyae
s__Caldisphaera lagunensis
s__Bacillus muralis
s__Nocardia niigatensis
s__Mucilaginibacter polytrichastri
s__Nocardiopsis baichengensis
s__Parabacteroides goldsteinii
s__Gemmatimonas phototrophica
s__Trichococcus pasteurii
s__Nocardioides insulae
s__Lysinibacillus macroides
s__Streptomyces phaeochromogenes
s__Mycobacterium wolinskyi
s__Prevotella jejuni
s__Pseudoalteromonas flavipulchra
s__Chlorogloeopsis fritschii
s__Thermofilum adornatus
s__Corynebacterium atypicum
s__Clostridium argentinense
s__Methyloversatilis thermotolerans
s__Vulcanibacillus modesticaldus
s__Marinomonas polaris
s__Basilea psittacipulmonis
s__Thermococcus celer
s__Roseinatronobacter thiooxidans
s__Lactobacillus hammesii
s__Staphylococcus warneri
s__Campylobacter upsaliensis
s__Borrelia turicatae
s__Flavobacterium limnosediminis
s__Plesiomonas shigelloides
s__Brevibacterium mcbrellneri
s__Streptomyces purpeochromogenes
s__Succinimonas amylolytica
s__Pedobacter hartonius
s__Treponema saccharophilum
s__Rhodobacter aestuarii
s__Borrelia parkeri
s__Caldanaerovirga acetigignens
s__Kluyvera ascorbata
s__Carnobacterium maltaromaticum
s__Gordonibacter massiliensis
s__Borrelia hispanica
s__Caballeronia ptereochthonis
s__Porphyrobacter sanguineus
s__Nocardiopsis sinuspersici
s__Desulfonatronum lacustre
s__Pediococcus damnosus
s__Nocardioides luteus
s__Streptococcus pantholopis
s__Xanthomonas sacchari
s__Pseudaminobacter salicylatoxidans
s__Parasporobacterium paucivorans
s__Campylobacter helveticus
s__Bizionia psychrotolerans
s__Borrelia coriaceae
s__Chryseobacterium polytrichastri
s__Methylocapsa palsarum
s__Rickettsia helvetica
s__Actinoplanes derwentensis
s__Mycobacterium peregrinum
s__Alteromonas addita
s__Lysobacter arseniciresistens
s__Caecibacter massiliensis
s__Haematobacter massiliensis
s__Imhoffiella purpurea
s__Aeromonas cavernicola
s__Achromobacter insuavis
s__Alicycliphilus denitrificans
s__Actinomadura latina
s__Mycobacterium brumae
s__Sphingomonas echinoides
s__Peptoniphilus duerdenii
s__Alistipes inops
s__Streptomyces mexicanus
s__Nitrospira moscoviensis
s__Streptomyces rangoonensis
s__Acidaminococcus fermentans
s__Pseudobutyrivibrio xylanivorans
s__Streptomyces luteocolor
s__Butyrivibrio crossotus
s__Bradyrhizobium paxllaeri
s__Thermococcus eurythermalis
s__Marinobacter daepoensis
s__Reichenbachiella agariperforans
s__Paraliobacillus ryukyuensis
s__Kaistia granuli
s__Oscillibacter ruminantium
s__Idiomarina loihiensis
s__Bacillus deserti
s__Halofilum ochraceum
s__Jeotgalibacillus soli
s__Pseudomonas poae
s__Akkermansia muciniphila
s__Saccharomonospora glauca
s__Actinobaculum massiliense
s__Halopiger salifodinae
s__Sorangium cellulosum
s__Vagococcus teuberi
s__Neisseria bacilliformis
s__Blastococcus endophyticus
s__Ruminococcus champanellensis
s__Lactobacillus composti
s__Enterococcus timonensis
s__Thermococcus cleftensis
s__Desulfovibrio magneticus
s__Bacillus canaveralius
s__Belliella baltica
s__Acinetobacter haemolyticus
s__Algoriphagus hitonicola
s__Streptomyces durhamensis
s__Sphingomonas laterariae
s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
s__Atopobium parvulum
s__Parendozoicomonas haliclonae
s__Legionella cherrii
s__Bacillus eiseniae
s__Pseudomonas trivialis
s__Haloterrigena thermotolerans
s__Clostridium drakei
s__Staphylococcus equorum
s__Acidianus hospitalis
s__Helicobacter pametensis
s__Bizionia argentinensis
s__Sphingobium cloacae
s__Clostridium cadaveris
s__Spiroplasma citri
s__Orenia metallireducens
s__Labilibaculum manganireducens
s__Necropsobacter rosorum
s__Vibrio furnissii
s__Glycomyces harbinensis
s__Chroogloeocystis siderophila
s__Thermodesulfobacterium hveragerdense
s__Bacteroides eggerthii
s__Thalassobius maritimus
s__Alcanivorax borkumensis
s__Streptococcus cristatus
s__Campylobacter mucosalis
s__Dielma fastidiosa
s__Paracoccus sediminis
s__Peptoniphilus grossensis
s__Micromonospora auratinigra
s__Pseudothermotoga lettingae
s__Methyloceanibacter superfactus
s__Knoellia aerolata
s__Natronococcus amylolyticus
s__Brackiella oedipodis
s__Paracoccus zhejiangensis
s__Kroppenstedtia eburnea
s__Anoxybacillus suryakundensis
s__Moraxella lincolnii
s__Staphylococcus simiae
s__Micromonospora lupini
s__Neisseria flavescens
s__Anoxybacillus thermarum
s__Ketobacter alkanivorans
s__Streptomyces pathocidini
s__Streptococcus infantarius
s__Lechevalieria fradiae
s__Pontibacter roseus
s__Prevotella nanceiensis
s__Dietzia alimentaria
s__Bacillus siamensis
s__Bartonella australis
s__Rubricoccus marinus
s__Brucella pinnipedialis
s__Pseudoalteromonas spiralis
s__Vibrio alginolyticus
s__Pseudoalteromonas telluritireducens
s__Actinoalloteichus spitiensis
s__Lactobacillus crispatus
s__Lactobacillus pentosus
s__Loktanella koreensis
s__Arcobacter cibarius
s__Dichelobacter nodosus
s__Neisseria mucosa
s__Jiulongibacter sediminis
s__Halorubrum kocurii
s__Rhodomicrobium vannielii
s__Helcococcus sueciensis
s__Brevibacterium antiquum
s__Bombella intestini
s__Streptomyces bottropensis
s__Lunatimonas lonarensis
s__Clostridium roseum
s__Agromyces cerinus
s__Lactobacillus kimbladii
s__Ruegeria marisrubri
s__Haemophilus aegyptius
s__Methylobrevis pamukkalensis
s__Nitrospina gracilis
s__Bacillus cucumis
s__Streptomyces silaceus
s__Fusobacterium russii
s__Runella zeae
s__Dietzia papillomatosis
s__Corynebacterium efficiens
s__Anoxybacillus kamchatkensis
s__Sphingopyxis indica
s__Actinopolymorpha alba
s__Mycobacterium brisbanense
s__Grimontia hollisae
s__Andreprevotia lacus
s__Dorea formicigenerans
s__Sanguibacter antarcticus
s__Ahrensia kielensis
s__Acidovorax temperans
s__Bordetella holmesii
s__Pseudomonas balearica
s__Cloacibacillus evryensis
s__Anaerolinea thermolimosa
s__Nakamurella panacisegetis
s__Nocardiopsis prasina
s__Pseudomonas silesiensis
s__Sphingobacterium paucimobilis
s__Thermodesulfobacterium hydrogeniphilum
s__Nocardia paucivorans
s__Desulfobulbus japonicus
s__Couchioplanes caeruleus
s__Cesiribacter andamanensis
s__Legionella lansingensis
s__Halobacillus halophilus
s__Moheibacter sediminis
s__Brachymonas denitrificans
s__Acetobacter okinawensis
s__Prevotella veroralis
s__Pseudomonas chloritidismutans
s__Rhodanobacter glycinis
s__Streptomyces reticuliscabiei
s__Riemerella columbina
s__Lysobacter gummosus
s__Olleya namhaensis
s__Pseudomonas vancouverensis
s__Luteimonas abyssi
s__Sulfurospirillum multivorans
s__Acidianus manzaensis
s__Nocardia asteroides
s__Staphylococcus fleurettii
s__Staphylococcus simulans
s__Pseudomonas pachastrellae
s__Pseudomonas chlororaphis
s__Isoptericola jiangsuensis
s__Basfia succiniciproducens
s__Actinoalloteichus hoggarensis
s__Bacillus niacini
s__Actinomyces ihumii
s__Leuconostoc citreum
s__Algoriphagus locisalis
s__Achromobacter piechaudii
s__Kosmotoga pacifica
s__Spiroplasma melliferum
s__Pelosinus propionicus
s__Dyella jiangningensis
s__Myroides guanonis
s__Gluconobacter thailandicus
s__Bacteroides coprocola
s__Rhizobium yanglingense
s__Planomonospora sphaerica
s__Flavobacterium spartansii
s__Porphyromonas circumdentaria
s__Pseudomonas jessenii
s__Pseudoalteromonas lipolytica
s__Actinomyces israelii
s__Komagataeibacter hansenii
s__Corynebacterium durum
s__Rubripirellula obstinata
s__Flavobacterium sasangense
s__Bifidobacterium indicum
s__Pseudodesulfovibrio indicus
s__Desulfobacter vibrioformis
s__Desulfacinum hydrothermale
s__Cosenzaea myxofaciens
s__Saccharopolyspora antimicrobica
s__Bacteroides faecichinchillae
s__Verrucosispora sediminis
s__Intrasporangium calvum
s__Mycoplasma verecundum
s__Mycoplasma meleagridis
s__Yersinia kristensenii
s__Saprospira grandis
s__Brevibacterium linens
s__Chryseobacterium hungaricum
s__Micromonospora parva
s__Haloterrigena daqingensis
s__Leucobacter salsicius
s__Providencia stuartii
s__Methylophaga nitratireducenticrescens
s__Campylobacter concisus
s__Thauera chlorobenzoica
s__Entomoplasma freundtii
s__Thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens
s__Pseudonocardia acaciae
s__Oceanococcus atlanticus
s__Aeromonas tecta
s__Methanococcus vannielii
s__Paramaledivibacter caminithermalis
s__Deinococcus peraridilitoris
s__Moraxella nonliquefaciens
s__Campylobacter lari
s__Borreliella garinii
s__Raoultella terrigena
s__Pseudomonas veronii
s__Parvibaculum lavamentivorans
s__Virgibacillus massiliensis
s__Nocardia aobensis
s__Lacunisphaera limnophila
s__Paraburkholderia susongensis
s__Flavobacterium marinum
s__Legionella waltersii
s__Thermicanus aegyptius
s__Shewanella woodyi
s__Thermodesulfobacterium thermophilum
s__Methylophaga muralis
s__Halomicrobium mukohataei
s__Anaerobranca californiensis
s__Anaerolinea thermophila
s__Caballeronia glebae
s__Bacillus lentus
s__Melaminivora alkalimesophila
s__Sphingobium chlorophenolicum
s__Sphingobacterium mizutaii
s__Rhodococcus rhodochrous
s__Brevundimonas subvibrioides
s__Hydrogenimonas thermophila
s__Methylocella silvestris
s__Mesoplasma seiffertii
s__Nitrococcus mobilis
s__Lactobacillus ozensis
s__Pyrobaculum calidifontis
s__Granulicella tundricola
s__Thermomonas hydrothermalis
s__Kiloniella majae
s__Mesorhizobium mediterraneum
s__Tepidicaulis marinus
s__Weissella cibaria
s__Paraburkholderia monticola
s__Leptospirillum ferrooxidans
s__Rodentibacter pneumotropicus
s__Pectobacterium atrosepticum
s__Zhongshania aliphaticivorans
s__Lactobacillus floricola
s__Sulfitobacter dubius
s__Microbacterium yannicii
s__Gilvimarinus polysaccharolyticus
s__Aerococcus viridans
s__Microbacterium mangrovi
s__Bacillus korlensis
s__Bergeyella zoohelcum
s__Enterococcus phoeniculicola
s__Flavobacterium xinjiangense
s__Tessaracoccus bendigoensis
s__Mycobacterium triviale
s__Orientia chuto
s__Algoriphagus machipongonensis
s__Eikenella corrodens
s__Cloacibacillus porcorum
s__Xanthomonas maliensis
s__Pseudosphingobacterium domesticum
s__Maricaulis maris
s__Bifidobacterium pseudocatenulatum
s__Psychroflexus torquis
s__Blastopirellula marina
s__Mycobacterium insubricum
s__Acidithiobacillus albertensis
s__Paenibacillus borealis
s__Micromonospora rosaria
s__Lactobacillus gastricus
s__Asaia bogorensis
s__Thermorudis peleae
s__Methylobacterium thiocyanatum
s__Pasteurella testudinis
s__Prevotella aurantiaca
s__Bulleidia extructa
s__Photobacterium proteolyticum
s__Thermotoga profunda
s__Halobacterium salinarum
s__Planococcus maritimus
s__Paenibacillus polysaccharolyticus
s__Chryseobacterium oranimense
s__Arhodomonas aquaeolei
s__Corynebacterium bovis
s__Pseudooceanicola atlanticus
s__Parabacteroides gordonii
s__Pseudomonas argentinensis
s__Bacillus drentensis
s__Lactobacillus acidipiscis
s__Risungbinella massiliensis
s__Galbibacter marinus
s__Spiribacter salinus
s__Comamonas kerstersii
s__Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens
s__Pediococcus parvulus
s__Taylorella equigenitalis
s__Leptospira licerasiae
s__Algoriphagus marincola
s__Chryseobacterium piscicola
s__Austwickia chelonae
s__Aeromonas fluvialis
s__Nocardioides halotolerans
s__Oligoflexus tunisiensis
s__Amphibacillus jilinensis
s__Dictyoglomus thermophilum
s__Carnobacterium mobile
s__Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum
s__Escherichia fergusonii
s__Carboxydocella sporoproducens
s__Selenomonas flueggei
s__Sporosarcina ureae
s__Lactobacillus perolens
s__Mycobacterium palustre
s__Alkalitalea saponilacus
s__Macromonas bipunctata
s__Haemophilus parainfluenzae
s__Raphidiopsis curvata
s__Jannaschia faecimaris
s__Demequina globuliformis
s__Flaviramulus basaltis
s__Litoreibacter albidus
s__Eubacterium uniforme
s__Atlantibacter hermannii
s__Tatumella ptyseos
s__Marinobacter antarcticus
s__Thermosyntropha lipolytica
s__Clostridium chauvoei
s__Tepidiphilus thermophilus
s__Cyanobium gracile
s__Acidaminococcus timonensis
s__Terriglobus saanensis
s__Aquamicrobium defluvii
s__Streptomyces kasugaensis
s__Alicyclobacillus mali
s__Tsukamurella tyrosinosolvens
s__Dethiosulfatarculus sandiegensis
s__Cellulosilyticum lentocellum
s__Glycomyces tenuis
s__Paenibacillus wulumuqiensis
s__Photobacterium aphoticum
s__Sulfurimonas autotrophica
s__Methanobacterium congolense
s__Acinetobacter equi
s__Methanomassiliicoccus luminyensis
s__Nocardia rhamnosiphila
s__Massilibacterium senegalense
s__Methanobrevibacter cuticularis
s__Chlamydia felis
s__Millisia brevis
s__Raineyella antarctica
s__Natronorubrum bangense
s__Bifidobacterium merycicum
s__Streptomyces pyridomyceticus
s__Fournierella massiliensis
s__Tetrasphaera australiensis
s__Planktothrix rubescens
s__Listeria newyorkensis
s__Acinetobacter nectaris
s__Oribacterium parvum
s__Thermococcus gorgonarius
s__Legionella wadsworthii
s__Nocardia farcinica
s__Methanococcus voltae
s__Lactobacillus nasuensis
s__Bacteroides paurosaccharolyticus
s__Caldisalinibacter kiritimatiensis
s__Alicyclobacillus hesperidum
s__Tenacibaculum ovolyticum
s__Streptomyces regalis
s__Acaryochloris marina
s__Halomonas aestuarii
s__Arthrobacter saudimassiliensis
s__Pseudovibrio ascidiaceicola
s__Paenibacillus terrae
s__Citrobacter werkmanii
s__Thermococcus celericrescens
s__Streptomyces mirabilis
s__Halobacillus trueperi
s__Chryseobacterium culicis
s__Corynebacterium sputi
s__Coleofasciculus chthonoplastes
s__Psychrobacter phenylpyruvicus
s__Erwinia gerundensis
s__Streptomyces albidoflavus
s__Eisenibacter elegans
s__Syntrophus aciditrophicus
s__Legionella norrlandica
s__Vibrio atlanticus
s__Pseudaminobacter manganicus
s__Aureimonas jatrophae
s__Aliiroseovarius sediminilitoris
s__Aeromicrobium erythreum
s__Halomonas gudaonensis
s__Nakamurella multipartita
s__Lactobacillus pasteurii
s__Kineosporia rhizophila
s__Desulfovibrio gracilis
s__Clostridiisalibacter paucivorans
s__Bacillus cihuensis
s__Caldisericum exile
s__Vibrio ponticus
s__Tangfeifania diversioriginum
s__Halomonas zhanjiangensis
s__Cyclobacterium qasimii
s__Caldanaerobius polysaccharolyticus
s__Aneurinibacillus aneurinilyticus
s__Pseudomonas libanensis
s__Bacillus haynesii
s__Tatlockia micdadei
s__Aerococcus suis
s__Alloiococcus otitis
s__Andreprevotia chitinilytica
s__Staphylococcus epidermidis
s__Marinomonas fungiae
s__Desulfovibrio alkalitolerans
s__Lactobacillus paraplantarum
s__Streptomyces xanthophaeus
s__Vibrio cidicii
s__Paenibacillus rigui
s__Gordonia effusa
s__Lactobacillus manihotivorans
s__Oceanobacillus rekensis
s__Nocardioides aromaticivorans
s__Floricoccus tropicus
s__Nocardia grenadensis
s__Herbaspirillum rhizosphaerae
s__Anaplasma marginale
s__Aeromonas salmonicida
s__Aneurinibacillus tyrosinisolvens
s__Salsuginibacillus kocurii
s__Paenisporosarcina indica
s__Streptomyces niveiscabiei
s__Acidocella aminolytica
s__Parapedobacter luteus
s__Hydrogenovibrio halophilus
s__Tropicibacter naphthalenivorans
s__Tessaracoccus oleiagri
s__Nitrosovibrio tenuis
s__Amycolatopsis rubida
s__Bacillus butanolivorans
s__Methanolacinia paynteri
s__Prevotella loescheii
s__Mesonia mobilis
s__Micromonospora avicenniae
s__Paludibacterium yongneupense
s__Mycobacterium elephantis
s__Tissierella praeacuta
s__Methanobacterium paludis
s__Geotoga petraea
s__Pandoraea apista
s__Shewanella amazonensis
s__Actinomyces marseillensis
s__Novosphingobium malaysiense
s__Roseovarius marisflavi
s__Celeribacter baekdonensis
s__Capnocytophaga leadbetteri
s__Asanoa hainanensis
s__Imtechella halotolerans
s__Stenotrophomonas daejeonensis
s__Corynebacterium glucuronolyticum
s__Kosmotoga olearia
s__Thermus amyloliquefaciens
s__Marinomonas posidonica
s__Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus
s__Aeromonas molluscorum
s__Methanosarcina lacustris
s__Lactobacillus nagelii
s__Arthrobacter rhombi
s__Nonomuraea coxensis
s__Mumia flava
s__Treponema pedis
s__Bartonella quintana
s__Amycolatopsis halophila
s__Bacillus infantis
s__Bacillus beveridgei
s__Chryseobacterium zeae
s__Actinoplanes friuliensis
s__Oenococcus kitaharae
s__Streptococcus iniae
s__Vibrio gigantis
s__Halobiforma nitratireducens
s__Quasibacillus thermotolerans
s__Goodfellowiella coeruleoviolacea
s__Longimonas halophila
s__Gemmata obscuriglobus
s__Thalassomonas viridans
s__Sphingomonas haloaromaticamans
s__Prochlorococcus marinus
s__Enterococcus pseudoavium
s__Oceanobacillus caeni
s__Haloechinothrix alba
s__Actinomyces urogenitalis
s__Drancourtella massiliensis
s__Burkholderia gladioli
s__Aquimarina atlantica
s__Fabibacter misakiensis
s__Thermus igniterrae
s__Proteiniphilum acetatigenes
s__Haloactinobacterium album
s__Mycobacterium senuense
s__Desulfosporosinus meridiei
s__Rubrimonas cliftonensis
s__Nocardioides lianchengensis
s__Calditerricola satsumensis
s__Acinetobacter brisouii
s__Chromobacterium subtsugae
s__Hoeflea olei
s__Eubacterium plexicaudatum
s__Mycoplasma elephantis
s__Mycobacterium lacus
s__Marinitoga piezophila
s__Arsenophonus nasoniae
s__Dethiobacter alkaliphilus
s__Planococcus salinarum
s__Bacillus gottheilii
s__Methanohalophilus portucalensis
s__Bacillus persicus
s__Mesorhizobium prunaredense
s__Amycolatopsis sacchari
s__Deinococcus geothermalis
s__Providencia sneebia
s__Methylomicrobium buryatense
s__Actinoplanes globisporus
s__Sphingobium barthaii
s__Lactobacillus melliventris
s__Brevibacterium ravenspurgense
s__Francisella halioticida
s__Hamadaea tsunoensis
s__Streptomyces formicae
s__Thioalkalivibrio halophilus
s__Domibacillus epiphyticus
s__Rhodococcus kroppenstedtii
s__Xanthomonas bromi
s__Nocardia elegans
s__Streptomyces nanshensis
s__Streptomyces bungoensis
s__Thermoanaerobacter mathranii
s__Aquidulcibacter paucihalophilus
s__Alkalispirochaeta alkalica
s__Staphylococcus caprae
s__Lactobacillus ruminis
s__Flavobacterium crassostreae
s__Haloarcula marismortui
s__Streptomyces iakyrus
s__Capnocytophaga haemolytica
s__Methanobrevibacter millerae
s__Agrobacterium tumefaciens
s__Pasteurella dagmatis
s__Aeromonas lacus
s__Parafilimonas terrae
s__Ekhidna lutea
s__Streptomyces parvulus
s__Paraburkholderia fungorum
s__Arcobacter molluscorum
s__Nonomuraea wenchangensis
s__Oligotropha carboxidovorans
s__Stenotrophomonas humi
s__Spiribacter curvatus
s__Erwinia mallotivora
s__Succiniclasticum ruminis
s__Aquabacterium parvum
s__Vibrio casei
s__Ochrobactrum pituitosum
s__Vibrio renipiscarius
s__Ruegeria conchae
s__Actinomadura macra
s__Novosphingobium nitrogenifigens
s__Paenisporosarcina quisquiliarum
s__Serratia nematodiphila
s__Niabella aurantiaca
s__Ruegeria atlantica
s__Paenibacillus naphthalenovorans
s__Porphyrobacter neustonensis
s__Methanolobus psychrophilus
s__Corynebacterium renale
s__Marinobacter daqiaonensis
s__Thermocrispum municipale
s__Enterococcus hermanniensis
s__Acetitomaculum ruminis
s__Holophaga foetida
s__Desulfobacter postgatei
s__Acinetobacter dijkshoorniae
s__Scytonema hofmannii
s__Pseudopropionibacterium propionicum
s__Streptomyces floridae
s__Fusobacterium perfoetens
s__Capnocytophaga canimorsus
s__Chlamydia caviae
s__Acholeplasma brassicae
s__Mesorhizobium amorphae
s__Actinoalloteichus hymeniacidonis
s__Amycolatopsis azurea
s__Thalassobacillus devorans
s__Brachybacterium phenoliresistens
s__Thioclava pacifica
s__Zunongwangia atlantica
s__Methanobrevibacter gottschalkii
s__Streptomyces catenulae
s__Thermoactinomyces vulgaris
s__Bacillus jeotgali
s__Sphingobium chinhatense
s__Lentibacillus amyloliquefaciens
s__Brachyspira innocens
s__Insolitispirillum peregrinum
s__Halococcus agarilyticus
s__Maribacter cobaltidurans
s__Megasphaera cerevisiae
s__Paludibacter jiangxiensis
s__Staphylococcus aureus
s__Dokdonella koreensis
s__Campylobacter rectus
s__Erwinia amylovora
s__Tolumonas lignilytica
s__Salimicrobium salexigens
s__Herbivorax saccincola
s__Bacteroides rodentium
s__Pseudoclavibacter faecalis
s__Pseudomonas mandelii
s__Mycoplasma leachii
s__Pseudomonas oryzae
s__Leisingera aquaemixtae
s__Mycobacterium szulgai
s__Methanobacterium formicicum
s__Streptomyces flavotricini
s__Massilioclostridium coli
s__Enorma timonensis
s__Streptomyces ossamyceticus
s__Mycobacterium neumannii
s__Helicobacter bizzozeronii
s__Dethiosulfovibrio salsuginis
s__Streptomyces chilikensis
s__Sphingobacterium wenxiniae
s__Streptomyces glauciniger
s__Mycobacterium porcinum
s__Micromonospora purpureochromogenes
s__Idiomarina woesei
s__Eubacterium ramulus
s__Peptostreptococcus russellii
s__Bacillus acidicola
s__Anaerococcus lactolyticus
s__Melioribacter roseus
s__Corynebacterium casei
s__Flavobacterium seoulense
s__Nocardia pseudovaccinii
s__Glycomyces fuscus
s__Arthrobacter agilis
s__Flavobacterium chungangense
s__Rhodomicrobium udaipurense
s__Leisingera methylohalidivorans
s__Virgibacillus soli
s__Lactobacillus acetotolerans
s__Brevirhabdus pacifica
s__Lysinibacillus xylanilyticus
s__Sphingomonas mucosissima
s__Pantoea vagans
s__Leptospira kirschneri
s__Mucispirillum schaedleri
s__Nocardiopsis valliformis
s__Halohasta litchfieldiae
s__Sporolactobacillus laevolacticus
s__Francisella persica
s__Clostridium novyi
s__Actinomyces coleocanis
s__Lactobacillus rogosae
s__Oceanicola granulosus
s__Streptomyces varsoviensis
s__Acidobacterium capsulatum
s__Streptococcus plurextorum
s__Pyrobaculum arsenaticum
s__Alteromonas pelagimontana
s__Magnetospirillum magneticum
s__Paracoccus isoporae
s__Boseongicola aestuarii
s__Mycoplasma cynos
s__Acinetobacter bohemicus
s__Mannheimia granulomatis
s__Bacillus pseudalcaliphilus
s__Lactobacillus oligofermentans
s__Actinotignum schaalii
s__Kordia jejudonensis
s__Paraglaciecola psychrophila
s__Alysiella filiformis
s__Nitratireductor pacificus
s__Fervidobacterium thailandense
s__Paenibacillus yonginensis
s__Legionella brunensis
s__Rickettsia buchneri
s__Raoultella planticola
s__Streptomyces recifensis
s__Selenomonas artemidis
s__Hyphomicrobium sulfonivorans
s__Stenotrophomonas pictorum
s__Streptomyces paucisporeus
s__Deinococcus aquatilis
s__Lactobacillus paracasei
s__Sporomusa ovata
s__Geobacillus thermoleovorans
s__Virgibacillus alimentarius
s__Sedimenticola thiotaurini
s__Streptococcus cuniculi
s__Myroides xuanwuensis
s__Acholeplasma modicum
s__Enterobacter soli
s__Jejuia pallidilutea
s__Paracoccus versutus
s__Gilliamella bombi
s__Alkaliphilus transvaalensis
s__Zymomonas mobilis
s__Metakosakonia massiliensis
s__Marinobacter vinifirmus
s__Sulfobacillus thermosulfidooxidans
s__Simonsiella muelleri
s__Acinetobacter rudis
s__Streptomyces amritsarensis
s__Corynebacterium pseudogenitalium
s__Chryseobacterium gregarium
s__Amycolatopsis lurida
s__Ferrimonas futtsuensis
s__Mycoplasma lipofaciens
s__Bradyrhizobium liaoningense
s__Natrinema pellirubrum
s__Cupriavidus taiwanensis
s__Erythrobacter vulgaris
s__Asaia prunellae
s__Thermococcus piezophilus
s__Elizabethkingia anophelis
s__Ponticaulis koreensis
s__Aeromonas popoffii
s__Pseudoxanthomonas mexicana
s__Facklamia languida
s__Gramella flava
s__Pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis
s__Desulfovibrio fructosivorans
s__Buttiauxella noackiae
s__Lactobacillus buchneri
s__Corynebacterium massiliense
s__Mycobacterium aquaticum
s__Desulfurispora thermophila
s__Arthrobacter enclensis
s__Mycobacterium malmoense
s__Lactobacillus mixtipabuli
s__Pantoea calida
s__Simiduia agarivorans
s__Corynebacterium kutscheri
s__Roseivivax roseus
s__Pseudobacteroides cellulosolvens
s__Buttiauxella gaviniae
s__Thermosulfurimonas dismutans
s__Robbsia andropogonis
s__Aquifex aeolicus
s__Verrucomicrobium spinosum
s__Paenibacillus assamensis
s__Maribius pelagius
s__Azospirillum humicireducens
s__Fervidobacterium changbaicum
s__Aequorivita soesokkakensis
s__Mycobacterium iranicum
s__Methylomonas koyamae
s__Borreliella finlandensis
s__Halocynthiibacter namhaensis
s__Colwellia piezophila
s__Thiorhodococcus drewsii
s__Formosa agariphila
s__Gemella sanguinis
s__Curtobacterium flaccumfaciens
s__Kocuria atrinae
s__Pseudorhizobium pelagicum
s__Rhodococcus ruber
s__Paenalcaligenes hominis
s__Lentzea albidocapillata
s__Chryseobacterium luteum
s__Micromonospora haikouensis
s__Chryseobacterium oleae
s__Ureibacillus thermosphaericus
s__Flavobacterium succinicans
s__Clavibacter sepedonicus
s__Polaribacter irgensii
s__Lysobacter antibioticus
s__Halodesulfurarchaeum formicicum
s__Vibrio rumoiensis
s__Thaumasiovibrio occultus
s__Mycobacterium longobardum
s__Corynebacterium doosanense
s__Clostridium puniceum
s__Mycobacterium heidelbergense
s__Leptospirillum ferriphilum
s__Brevibacterium sandarakinum
s__Thiothrix lacustris
s__Xylella fastidiosa
s__Pseudoalteromonas denitrificans
s__Paenirhodobacter enshiensis
s__Phaeospirillum molischianum
s__Pseudonocardia spinosispora
s__Pseudomonas cuatrocienegasensis
s__Natronomonas moolapensis
s__Marmoricola aequoreus
s__Nioella nitratireducens
s__Aeromonas hydrophila
s__Xenorhabdus ishibashii
s__Lactobacillus xiangfangensis
s__Lysinimicrobium rhizosphaerae
s__Pseudovibrio axinellae
s__Algoriphagus antarcticus
s__Pedobacter ruber
s__Deinococcus proteolyticus
s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae
s__Mycoplasma haemocanis
s__Lewinella marina
s__Novosphingobium mathurense
s__Psychromonas ossibalaenae
s__Euryhalocaulis caribicus
s__Brachybacterium paraconglomeratum
s__Thalassobacter stenotrophicus
s__Kineococcus radiotolerans
s__Puniceibacterium antarcticum
s__Clostridium fallax
s__Gracilimonas tropica
s__Clostridium chromiireducens
s__Thermococcus gammatolerans
s__Acetomicrobium thermoterrenum
s__Hoyosella subflava
s__Lactobacillus alimentarius
s__Prauserella marina
s__Deinococcus gobiensis
s__Vibrio metoecus
s__Leptonema illini
s__Pseudomonas aestusnigri
s__Microbacterium resistens
s__Amycolatopsis balhimycina
s__Hyphomonas oceanitis
s__Actinoplanes missouriensis
s__Comamonas thiooxydans
s__Pelotomaculum thermopropionicum
s__Marinobacterium stanieri
s__Bacillus mediterraneensis
s__Streptomyces glaucescens
s__Paraburkholderia ribeironis
s__Romboutsia timonensis
s__Halogeometricum rufum
s__Methanobacterium arcticum
s__Halopiger goleimassiliensis
s__Anaerobacillus alkalilacustris
s__Streptomyces ahygroscopicus
s__Pantoea wallisii
s__Sediminicola luteus
s__Gracilibacillus halophilus
s__Succinispira mobilis
s__Mycobacterium parascrofulaceum
s__Streptomyces naganishii
s__Streptomyces capitiformicae
s__Paenibacillus jamilae
s__Fibrobacter intestinalis
s__Salegentibacter salinarum
s__Prevotella bryantii
s__Sulfurifustis variabilis
s__Streptomyces cinnabarinus
s__Aerococcus urinaehominis
s__Xanthomonas vesicatoria
s__Streptomyces violaceorubidus
s__Dictyoglomus turgidum
s__Methylocystis bryophila
s__Streptomyces lavenduligriseus
s__Streptacidiphilus jiangxiensis
s__Sanguibacter gelidistatuariae
s__Lactobacillus salivarius
s__Jeotgalibacillus malaysiensis
s__Gelidibacter mesophilus
s__Actinobacillus capsulatus
s__Pseudomonas straminea
s__Rhizobium grahamii
s__Mycobacterium crocinum
s__Oceanobacillus senegalensis
s__Thermobispora bispora
s__Gemmatirosa kalamazoonesis
s__Amycolatopsis japonica
s__Arthrospira maxima
s__Rhizobium esperanzae
